ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technologies: Perl
Team: Product Creation Tool (PCT)
Role: Developing and Testing
Description:
The binary compatibility analysis tool will check two releases of software components of Symbian OS, and
report if there is any break, which is required to maintain the software components, so that the third party
application work properly. The script extracts the library symbols and its ordinals, and report if any change
appears when compared with new releases of the library.

OpenVPN LoadTest Software July 2006 - Sept 2007
Client: OOMA, US
Employer: Wipro Technologies, Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore
Environment: C, Posix Threads, OpenVPN software, Linux
Role: requirement gathering, designing, developing software & system testing
Description:
Open VPN loadtest software application is designed to load Open VPN software and asses its capabilities
in terms of client connections. Measure the performance of the client connections with respect to stability,
loss of packets over communication channel, latency per client when load on server is high and band width
for the clients. The Open VPN tunnel allows secure connection between clients and server using SSL. The
requirement was to analyze Open VPN software, design application to load the Open VPN server with as much
clients as possible from single machine till system can't handle and measure the client-server communication
performance parameters like latency, throughput and packet loss.

Multi Sensor data Fusion software for AKASH SAM System. Jan 2005 - Jun 2006
Employer: DRDO , Bangalore
Environment: Lynx RTOS, C & VME Backplane Communication

Role: Developer and integration with other sub systems
Description:
Multi Sensor data fusion software is the master software on the Battery Command Center (BCC) controlling
the AKASH Surface to Air Missiles, where in the information given to commander sitting at the console, should
be able to see and take decision based on the real time threats of the targets. The target reports are coming
from two sensors viz. Battery Level Radar (BLR- Fire control radar) and Battery Surveillance Radar (BSR)
which need to be fused and presented to commander as one target in consolidated complete air picture. The
fusion process is combination of correlation and association process. The data seen at BCC should also be
sent to a master GCC using serial communication in real time.

Group Command Center (GCC) simulator for BCC. Sept 2004 - Jan 2005
Employer: DRDO , Bangalore
Environment: C, C++, Window XP
Role Designer, Developer and integration with the system.
Description:
BCC is single system with fire control radar of some Km range and some degree in azimuth coverage. The
GCC takes four to eight such BCC's and give a more complete and better air picture over a wider area. Thus
integration & testing with such system for proper development of BCC MSF software is needed. So, simulator
is needed for real time communication with BCC to show the correctness of BCC software by both online
display and offline-logged data after extraction and analysis. A simulator was developed which runs two parallel
threads for input and output. Queues were maintained maintaining I/P and O/P buffers. The communication
incorporates full handshake through serial ports.

PROJECTS

Popular Movies - github.com/dhermanu/PopularMoviesI May 2016
• Developed a responsive Android mobile application that displays popular and top rated movies retrieved
from TheMovieDB API. Also the application saves and displays favorite movies (Java, Retrofit, Picasso)
• Built the UI for both tablet and phone (XML)

M's Code - github.com/dhermanu/mscode-app August 2015
• Designed and developed an Android mobile application that encodes and decodes Morse's code into texts,
light, or sound (Java)
• Responsible for the UI/UX design and frontend of the Android application (XML)

Telecom Customer Web Application March 2015
• Developed a dynamic web application using Spring Framework that allows customers to have their own
billing accounts.
• Responsible for testing the application using JUnit (Java)
• Applied different software design patterns such as the Singleton, Model View Control, and Strategy pattern

