<ba>
Abraham Arango

Web Developer - Real Clear Media Group

Elgin, IL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abraham-Arango/b6ba8a9ee6a2731c

Full stack developer currently working mainly working with web centered technologies such as MySQL, PHP,
JavaScript with the ability to develop from database design layers all the way up to UX and UI design. I work
with an open mind to learn just about any other technology or software building tools to be a better programmer
and build better software faster.
Willing to relocate to: Elgin, IL
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
</ba>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
Real Clear Media Group - March 2016 to Present

Much of the work is heavy LAMP work for creating entirely custom CMSs for all of the sites the company has.
On the public side of the sit, Javascript, Jquery and JSON files are used to dynamically update the site on
html files published from our PHP CMSs.

Below are some of the projects I have worked on:
• Created the entire browser push notifications system entirely custom to tie in with the RealClearPolitics CMS.
◦ Notifications are sent from our system so that editors can easily send out notifications for current content.
◦ User subscriptions to notifications is completely custom.
◦ Analytics for how notifications do and subscription rates.

• Developed the entire CMS for RealClearInvestigations.com and the several features on the public side such
articles with embeds and the donations feature that ties in with PayPal.
◦ The article embeds is based on membership system that only allows registered domains to grab our content
and embed it on their site.
◦ Donations to PayPal are done using their rest API and is completely custom.

• Worked on the redesign of several sites that had an old outdated design and an outdated CMS.
• Worked on a new multisite CMS that replaces every different CMS we have for each site. The technology
used for this new multisite CMS is Laravel for server side code and Vue js for user side code.
◦ This new CMS is meant to have one single CMS for all sites rather than 15 different CMSs.
◦ It is also meant to be built with new technology to make it sleeker with SPA modules, responsive designs,
and stronger security.

Web Developer
Drive & Shine, Inc - September 2015 to March 2016

• Only software engineer to develop both the software that customers utilize such as the website and company
online store as well as internal software that employees use to accomplish their work.
• Developed a LAMP based maintenance tracking system to be used company wide. Some key features are
as follows:
◦ Different website experience depending on employee role.
◦  Each  store  being  able  to  submit  issue  tickets  to  notify  all  maintenance  personnel  of  a  problem  at  each
location.

◦ Complete list and historical data of issues and tasks done to equipment its related components for each
location.
◦  Time  based  maintenance  repeating  tasks  that  recreate  themselves  and  set  themselves  due  based  on
specified time frames.

• Developed an inventory tracking system for store supplies. Some key features are as follows:
◦ Store items have set max order amounts for a certain time frame.
◦ Form automatically blocks the ordering items that have already reached their time frame limit and will reset
the item once the time frame is reached.
◦ Ordering historical data pages with multiple dynamically made graphs to analyze ordering trends.
◦ Inventory tracking of items amounts at warehouse from where items are ordered from.
Move on to Real Clear Media Group because the work circumstances did not allow for skill growth and the
work was stagnant lacking direction.

Production Control Analyst
Specialty Products & Polymers, Inc - February 2007 to September 2015

• Analyze and direct production schedule with the orders from customers.
• Work with production supervisors and plant manager to manage production employees and efficiently meet
customer orders.
• Committed to giving customers great customer service by answering their questions in detail and resolving
any problems that they may have.
• Responsible for all outbound shipments to be shipped on time and with the correct documentation.
• Keep inventory of all packaging materials such as plastic sheeting and cardboard boxes.

Web Developer Internship
Kitchology, Inc - July 2014 to December 2014

• Developed web based systems using PHP, HTML, CSS, Javascript, and SQL.
• Worked remotely being responsible for completing and accomplishing my work without supervision.
• Communicate efficiently through email and weekly Skype conference meetings.

Wordpress and Web Developing Internship
J&S Coatings / Vortex Spray Liners - April 2012 to August 2012

• Developed a new Wordpress managed company website based off their previous static HTML one.
• Developed several Wordpress managed websites for their "dealers" customers.
• Modify HTML, CSS, and PHP in Wordpress themes for custom needs.
• Organize their web media content for future quick searching and usability.
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

Bachelor's degree in Computer Information Systems in Computer programming
Ferris State University  -  Big Rapids, MI
September 2012 to May 2015

Associate's degree in Applied Science in application development
Southwestern Michigan College  -  Dowagiac, MI
August 2007 to August 2012

Dowagiac Union High School  -  Dowagiac, MI
August 2002 to June 2006

High School diploma
Attained High School
</ed>
<sk>
SKILLS

CSS (3 years), Excel (Less than 1 year), html (3 years), Javascript (3 years), PHP (3 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Hard Skills
• Familiar with the following programming languages: PHP, JavaScript, SQL, HTML, CSS, and XML.
• PHP frameworks of Code Igniter and Laravel.
• Javascript frameworks of Vue js.
• Familiarity with Git and version controlling software.
• Building ES5 and ES6 Javascript with Node JS, Babel and Webpack
• Proficiency in Microsoft office products such as Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, etc.

Soft Skills
• Strong interpersonal empathetic communicator.
• Able to listen and accept any feedback about my quality of work.
• Respectfully assertive when it is necessary.
• Highly self-motivated to work hard to accomplish goals independently.
• Always looking for ways to make software work better
• Love to work independently with the purpose to benefit the whole team with my work.
• Always working hard to learn and better myself.


</sk>