<ba>
Diego Ernesto 
Franco Chanona

Farmington Hills, MI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Diego-Ernesto-Franco-Chanona/
f1718137862239e7
<su>
Mid-Senior level Android Application Developer whit 4+years of experience with Android SDK.
Developed serveral applications with Android SDK for diverse client of public and private sectors in Mexico
City. Roles included application design and development.
Very strong knowledge and work experience with Android SDK, Android Architecture, using synchronous and
asynchronous models, process in background with Asynctask, Threads and Services and data storage with
databases in Sqlite. 
Good experience with Web Services Restful and JSON objects.
Strong knowledge with Locations services based on Google Maps v2 for Android.
Solid experience with Device Sensors, Android Support Libraries, using APIs as Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare
and Parse API along with the Facebook API.
Excellent implementation of solutions based on Push Notification Services and XMPP protocols
Great experience in MVC and Dependency injection models and other developer patterns.
Very strong knowledge in JSON Parsing for creates models/objects.
Strong  experience  with  Google  APIs  as  Google  Maps,  G+,  Google  Analytics,  Google  Translate  API  and
Youtube API.
Analyst researcher and problem solving developer with the ability to find and deliver solutions, always willing
to learn new things in every project and improve it.
Excellent resource management for mobile applications as images, colors, styles and layouts.
Experience with application Layout resources for different screen sizes.
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Gravitiy Solutions  -  Novi, MI - January 2014 to Present

I’m  currently  development  project  with  Android  SDK  for  the  help  HR  to  control  of  employees  attendance,
integrate all information for create monthly formats for the invoices of employees of the company.
I’m developed a back end for application, this module works according to the needs of the project, since it
requires the app to run in background and make sending data asynchronously to the company servers.
Gravity Solutions has employees in different geographical locations and the work in different time zones. The
mobile Application will let our IT employees who work from those locations, check in and check out through
their phone. After check in, employees will log in into a web application.
The Android application works for HR department to feed and maintain our company’s data base, and to have
a real-time control of their attendance by providing reports.
This project works whit Geofences in Android SDK, has implemented a system for check in and check out
depends  of  your  location,  the  geofences  have  a  center  with  coordinates  and  we  can  put  a  radio  for  the
geofences works fine in the application.
The application has been optimized to support different screen sizes of the same way they have handled the
theme styles for the application as colors, images and resources

Android Developer
Sophitech  -  Ciudad de México, D. F. - March 2013 to December 2013

Responsibilities

In Sophitech company development diverse projects for different client, my role in these company included
applications  mobile  design  and  development  for  diverse  client  public  and  private  sectors.  I  used  current
technologies and different resources for the applications as different APIs and libraries for the projects.
In the company learn to use various technologies, and the management of different APIs, this helped the
projects were working as easy to develop and solve problems faster and with good results for client.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Instituto Tecnologico de Tuxtla Gutierrez in Ing. en Sistemas Computacionales
Instituto Tecnologico de Tuxtla Gutierrez  -  Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chis.
2008 to 2013
<sk>
SKILLS

Programming Languages: Android, Java Databases: SQLite XML Technologies: XML and XSL Operative
Systems: Android, iOS, Windows, MAC OS Office Tools: MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook)
Design & Dev Tools: Balsamiq Mockups, Photoshop, Eclipse, NetBeans, Android SDK and TomCat. APIs:
Facebook, Twitter, G+, Google Maps, Google Analytics, Google ADMob, Parse of Facebook, Foursquare.

