<ba>
Gunnard Engebreth

Developer

Madison, WI - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gunnard-Engebreth/fa33fb047c00cea0
</ba>
<su>
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
</su>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Developer
Dci-Design  -  Syosset, NY - August 2016 to Present

I was tasked with developing a plan to take the current infrastructure based in perl and creating an API for
a RESTful web service. I also created and maintained hotel splash pages for internet access and business
meetings. I mainly worked on live servers and mysql databases to accomplish this.

Senior Web Developer
Blend IMC  -  Madison, WI - August 2015 to September 2016

I was involved in onboarding new clients and facilitate their needs in terms of the best technology to fit their
needs. Maintaing and updateing current client websites and associated technologies (AWS, RDP, Linode). I
have developed standard approaches for commonly used solutions for the team.

Developer
Givesmart US. Inc  -  Atlanta, GA - 2014 to July 2015

The responsibilities are continual maintenance and development of current web applications as well as new
features. This involves third-party APIs and working with other team members from the UK. I have Developed
web applications using PHP, CSS, HTML, Javascript/JQuery for responsive environments.

Remote support specialist
IBM  -  Atlanta, GA - 2011 to 2013

IBM

We support all of North America's Mid-range storage and Netapp servers. Heavy SAN/Networking knowledge
is utilized as well as Linux skills. Strong customer service is highly leaned on, as we are speaking directly
to customers sometimes. I offered both over the phone support as well as remote access to directly resolve
the situation. We analyzed logs and watch details for minute changes that could be the sign of a failure. I am
trained on all IBM DS4k Series as well as XIV high end storage and Netapp.

Web Developer
North Point Ministries  -  Atlanta, GA - 2009 to 2011

Ga
North Point Ministries

50% of my time is dedicated to web support tickets. Anything from changing a word on a page to requesting
a database change to php, javascript, css troubleshooting. Requires an intimate knowledge of linux, server
structure  and  keeping  up  on  current  web  technologies.  The  other  50%  is  spent  on  special  or  re-occuring
projects. We have monthly and yearly updates to specific ministries (yearly registration events and monthly
content changes). This requires cms knowledge (wordpress, Expression Engine) as well as php, jsp, css,
javascript programming capabilities. This also requires Mysql and Mssql experience.

Every project that I worked with I used SEO (alt tags, meta tags, properly named links, relevant keywords
within the content) to ensure proper placement in google searches.

Web Developer
Engauge Interactive Media  -  Atlanta, GA - 2009 to 2009

Ga
Engauge Interactive Media

Upgraded curtomer's site from joomla 1.5 to joomla 2.0. 6 month contract

Senior Web Developer
Pure Web Development  -  Atlanta, GA - 2008 to 2009

Pure Web Development

Lead  Web  Developer  of  custom  Joomla  installations  and  templates.  Mainly  dealing  with  Joomla  but  also
developing custom solutions with PHP, MySQL to fit the customers need.

This environment allowed me to develop and manage several large-scale websites for organizations such as
churches, non-profits, insurance agents, talk radio djs, and celebrity golfers. Every project that I worked with I
used SEO (alt tags, meta tags, properly named links, relevant keywords within the content) to ensure proper
placement in google searches.

PHP Developer / Sysadmin / Tech Support
Outerbounds Technologies  -  Atlanta, GA - 2006 to 2008

Ga
Outerbounds Technologies

Lead developer of web-based auto-provisioning system for custom website development.
Lead Joomla Module / Template / Component developer.

Built a series of Ubuntu web servers with LAMP installed.
I managed an Exchange server for 500+ users.

Java Programmer
Monumental Interactive  -  Atlanta, GA - 2005 to 2005

2005) - Atlanta, Ga
Monumental Interactive (www.monumental-i.com)

Developed Large-Scale content management systems for companies allowing for total client control with a
user-friendly GUI.

Developer
www.silverpop.com  -  Atlanta, GA - 1999 to 2001

Atlanta, Ga
Silverpop (www.silverpop.com)

Maintained, Updated and Developed email tracking software utilizing Perl, MySQL and Sendmail to manage
and organize several email campaigns with in various companies and organizations and to monitor corporate
communication capacities.

Designed  and  developed  a  web  application  for  viewing  and  maintaining  email  campaign  with  in  the
aforementioned project.

Provided ongoing customer service support through campaign customization to meet client specifications and
expectations.

Founded  Application  Security  Department  with  an  emphasis  on  evaluating  current  builds  of  software  for
exploits.

Maintained system order for Red hat Linux, SunOS, Windows NT systems for over 40 Linux clusters worldwide
as well as the in-house farm of over 30 machines as the System Administrator.

Researched and developed prototypes for new technologies to be introduced to our customers including video
in email as well as customized Flash greeting cards.

Developed front and back-end specifications for secure chat client as well as a windows GUI.

Wrote  white-papers  to  evaluate,  critique,  suggest  modifications  on  the  state  of  both  network  security  and
application security.

Chosen as a delegate to attend the security conference H.O.P.E. 2 for research and development in New York.

System Administrator / Webmaster
www.silverpop.com  -  Atlanta, GA - 1999 to 2000

24/7 Coffee Atlanta, Ga,

Responsible for the creation of a company-wide network using Redhat Linux to facilitate communications of
data, web, and email servers.

Installed and maintained Apache web server and designed company website.
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

B.A. in Film and Video
Georgia State University

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
</ed>
<su>
I am a dedicated and dynamic web professional with both a track record and experience in all aspects of
web application development. I am more than programmer. I am a dreamer with a thurst for knowledge and
problem solving. I specialize in using current and new technologies to optimize workflow. I am as comfortable in
Photoshop as I am in command line mySql. I feel that a full understanding of how pieces of the stack influence
each other improves the use of the technology at hand.

I have over 15 years of development experience. These years have taught me how to view the challenges that
may come with product development. I have worked with both large and small teams, in office and remote. I
understand that managing expectations is key to success.
</su>
<sk>
Skills:
15 Years
LAMP - (Linux, Apache, MySql, PHP)
Perl, Shell Scripting
Linux (red hat, slakware, debian, suse, Bastille, gentoo, yellow dog, Ubuntu)

10 years
Javascript, jQuery, CSS, PSD to HTML conversion

Technologies:
Joomla,  Drupal,  Wordpress,  Jira,  C,  Java,  RSS/Atom,  Python,  Ruby,  VB/Delphi,  SasS,Sendmail,  Apache,
Ftpd,  nmap,  dns,  bind,version  control  systems  (svn,  git),Computer  security,  encryption,  Packet  sniffing/
spoofing, Application testing, sql-injection, XSS, google adsense, google analytics, SEO
</sk>
