<ba>
James Hendricks

Software/Web Developer

Monroe, LA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Hendricks/6fc1642782ab28d5
</ba>
<su>
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
</su>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
TRACE CYBER SOLUTIONS(TRACECYBERSOLUTIONS.COM)  -  Rochester, NY - 2015 to Present

Principally  tasked  with  overhauling  and  modernizing  company  website  from  its  original  design.  Regularly
update
company news, testimonials, accreditation lists, feeds, etcetera to keep site current and engaging. Ancillary
responsibilities include compiling notes from consultants' audits into reports formatted to meet ISACA
standards.

Replaced the inconsistent inline styling used in the original design with CSS to create a more uniform
appearance throughout the site.

Integrated bootstrap framework to improve the readability and appearance of the site on mobile devices.

Software/Web Developer
CATERTRAX.COM  -  Rochester, NY - 2010 to 2015

Software as a service company which provides catering and floor stock
management solutions for restaurants, caterers, cafeterias, hospitals, & universities.) - Rochester, NY

Software/Web Developer, 2010-2015
Web  design  and  software  development  under  waterfall,  and  later,  SCRUM  methodology.  Added  new
functionality
to the Catertrax SaaS platform based on requirements coordinated our sales team. Fixed bugs reported by
phone support staff or tracked down from error logs. Assisted our Quality Assurance team with regression
testing using SmartBear's TestComplete software and scripting languages.

Augmented ordering platform by automating timezone settings. This was done by using an API to geocode
the customer's address, then passing it to a timezone API to calculate the offset from GMT. The settings had
previously been entered manually by support staff and were often inaccurate. My improvement increased the
timeliness of deliveries and eliminated the need for semi-annual updates of timezone offsets, potentially saving
hundreds of man hours.

Created a web service to simulate transmittal of cXML responses from a clients chosen eProcurement
provider. The EP providers' security policy didn't permit outside developers to have test accounts. We were
originally expected to test the interface we were developing by e-mailing or phoning a their contact who would
attempt an order, then notify us of the outcome. Taking the initiative to create the simulator markedly reduced
development time for the entire team and allowed us to deliver ahead of schedule.

Developed an application which retrieved .csv files from a SFTP locations, then performed database updates

as needed. Records could be altered, (soft) deleted or inserted in any specified table depending on settings in a
unique configuration file. It typically ran weekly for clients utilizing site wide "single sign on" logins where up-to-
date employee records are particularly crucial for maintaining security.

Internet Technician
FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS CORP  -  Rochester, NY - 2008 to 2010

Responsible for supporting end-users with certain hardware performance or internet connectivity issues related
to Frontier High-Speed ADSL or FiOS service

Wrote scripts and batch files, and small applications to maximize hardware performance. Used VNC software
to  remotely  repair  poor  performance  issues  and  remove  malware  and  ransomware  infections  from  user
equipment.
Instructed customers on using file transfer protocol to upload assets to server space included with higher-level
service plans.
Performed  contract  maintenance  on  business  level  routers  and  provided  remote  assistance  to  on-site
technicians without router access.

Assisted customers with wireless and wired network setup.

Advised customers on ADSL and FiOS connectivity issues, scheduled field technicians to investigate any
unresolved problems with service.
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

AS in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems
MONROE COMMUNITY COLLEGE  -  Rochester, NY

BS in COMPUTER INFORMATION SYSTEMS
EMPIRE STATE COLLEGE  -  Rochester, NY
</ed>
<sk>
SKILLS

CSS (2 years), Quality Assurance (6 years), scripting (6 years), testing (6 years), Web design (6 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Back End Web Development Front End/Graphic Web Design (CSS, HTML5)

Console Application Development Stored Procedure Implementation ("Sproc")

Quality Assurance/Testing Web Service Development (SOAP)

Scripting for Data Driven Testing (CS Script, J Script) Software Documentation (Technical)

Version Control Administration (Tortoise SVN, GIT, Payment/Credit Card Gateway Development
Microsoft Team Foundation )
E-Procurement Platform Development (Coupa,
Data Structures SciQuest)
</sk>
