<ba>
Pavan Kumar

Android Developer - State Farm

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pavan-Kumar/3db4215bf27b7e93
<su>
● Around 7 years of IT experience in design and development in C, C++ & Java based applications.
● 5 years of Android Application development experience. Developed and architected multiple Android apps
across versions.
● Expertise in developing applications for Android operating system using Android Studio, Eclipse IDE, SQLite,
Java, Android SDK 2.3 to 5.0 and ADT plugin.
● Experience in developing Applications using Java, Applet, Swing, Servlets, JSP, XML, Eclipse, JDBC, JDK,
Java Script, MySQL, and CSS.
● Experience in working with SQLite Database, Google Maps API, GPS Location Data and Push Notifications,
Google cloud messaging.
●  Experience  in  enabling  BLE  functionality  for  applications,  Notifications,  Adapters,  Content  Provider,
Services, XML Parsing and Telephony Manager.
●  Experience  in  developing  applications  using  Third-Party  APIs  such  as  Twilio,  YouTube  and  such  as
Facebook and Twitter.
● Experience in design and development of Rich Mobile Applications in PhoneGap using HTML5, JavaScript,
XML, CSS.
● Solid understanding of interfacing to back-end system using XML/JSON, REST API, SOAP, RPC, OAUTH
etc.
● Expertise in Data Structure, Multithreading, Collections, Exception handling.
● Worked on GUI applications using Java SWING and AWT.
● Solid understanding of Android UI and Design guidelines.
● Experience in designing UI layouts using Linear Layout, Relative Layout, Frame Layout, Table Layout and
using Android Widgets and custom Widgets.
● Undertaken full life cycle of Android Application Development, which includes testing on device and emulator
as well.
● Experience with various testing frameworks like Espresso, UI Automator, Robotium, Appium.
● Experience in various methodologies like SDLC, Agile development and waterfall development.
● Experience with source code control management like subversion (SVN) and GIT.
● Have proficient knowledge and experience with Sensor APIs such as Location, Accelerometer, gyroscope,
NFC and more.
● Have worked on IoT devices, such as controlling hardware modules via Bluetooth Comm from Android
Device.
●  Self-motivated  and  excellent  abilities  to  learn  new  languages  and  other  concepts  quickly,  excellent
interpersonal skills and abilities to communicate with team players.
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
State Farm  -  Bloomington, IL - April 2014 to Present

App Name: Pocket Agent

Project Description: The project was a full-stack MVC that utilized proprietary frameworks to save data, analyze
it  for  compliance  with  state-level  regulations,  and  format  web  pages  dynamically  to  fit  varying  screen  and
window sizes.

Link in the Google Play - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.statefarm.pocketagent

Responsibilities:
● Responsible for consuming the REST services, getting JSON response and parsing them to get the required
information.
● Involved in requirement gathering and designing of the application.
● Used Content Provider to access our SQLite Database.
● Designed and developed server side web services using Spring MVC.
● Designed and implemented database contract, database helper and provider classes to work with content
providers.
● Sync data with SyncAdapter by retrieving data from the server via Retrofit and updating data locally via
ContentProvider.
● Used OkHttp for all networking related operations.
● Triggered Sync service for frequent refreshes whenever the network is available
● Displayed data in the user interface via Loaders.
● Integrated location based services using Google Maps API to display locations of the nearest stores.
● Handling XML data using efficient parsing techniques such as DOM parser.
● Used GIT-HUB as our project version controller, where used to commit and push the developed, working
code
●  Work  closely  with  the  web  application  development  team  to  ensure  proper  integration  between  mobile
application and web application.
● Used Crashlytics, while testing the application, so as to verify the proper free-flow working of the application.
● Worked with the Android SDK, and implemented Android Location Connectivity components.

Environment: Android SDK 4.4, Android Studio, JSON, Jackosn, Gson, REST Web Services, Spring MVC,
XML, Crashlytics, Retrofit, and GIT-HUB.

Android Developer
FedEx  -  Memphis, TN - February 2013 to March 2014

App Name: FedEx Mobile

Project  Description:  Application  provides  a  way  to  manage  deliveries,  track  status  of  packages,  find  store
locations and customize shipments and deliveries.

Link in the Google Play - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fedex.ida.android

Responsibilities:
● Implemented Fragments on the main screen, On Click of each fragment takes to another tab.
● Implemented List View, so as to show the different shipments and maps as a form of list.
● Integrated location based services using Google Maps API to display locations of the nearest stores.
● Worked closely with the testing team.
● Worked in an Agile based environment.
● Collaborated with web services team to implement the backend support.
● Designed and developed the request and response data to and from database.
● Implemented SQLite databases to monitor shipments.
● Implemented customized web view component to load an SWF file and HTML data.
● Developed automation test suites/framework for functional tests using Robotium for Android mobile devices
using JUNIT from scratch

● Performed Unit testing on the various modules/functions to ensure that the output is as expected
● Used JIRA to track issues.

Environment:  Android  SDK,  Eclipse  IDE,  Google  Maps,  AML  and  SQL  Databases,  Junit,  Robotium,  GPS
Services.

Android Developer
CVS Care Mark  -  Buffalo Grove, IL - September 2011 to January 2013

App Name: CVS Caremark

Project  Description:  The  CVS/caremark  app  lets  you  refill  or  request  new  mail  service  prescriptions,  track
order status, view prescription history and more. Features include Refilling mail orders, checking order status,
checking drug costs and average etc.

Link in the Google Play - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caremark.caremark

Responsibilities:
● Worked on the user interface and flow pattern of the ATN application.
● Development of the app to adapt different orientations and multiple resolutions depending upon the quality
of the device.
● Integration of third party application to the libraries to cache image data, which improves the performance
of the application.
● Integration of Google Map API with the application.
● Designing and development of the xml layout with Android Map Fragment to view locations on the map.
● Displayed the deals data in Customized ListView and implemented XML Pull parser class for feeds for
various sources.
● Involved in Testing the Mobile application and track the bugs to fix in the production environment.

Environment: Android SDK, Eclipse, Java, XML, Adobe Photoshop

Android Developer
Dow Chemical Company  -  Midland, MI - November 2010 to August 2011

App Name: Dow Snowglobe

Project  Description:  Dow  Snowglobe  is  an  interactive  snow  globe.  We  can  choose  from  different  scene
backgrounds and choose your own picture to resize and fit inside of the globe. Application allows you to shake
or use your finger to swirl the snow around.

Link in the Google Play - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dow.snowglobe

Responsibilities:
● As a team member, I was involved in the design and implementation of the UI, classes, architecture and
activities of the mobile application
● Used Frame Layout to show background images of the app.
● Involved in implementing Asynctask for the background operations.
● Developed the app to adapt to different orientations (Landscape/Portrait) and various resolutions (ldpi/mdpi/
hdpi) based on the device
● Implemented MotionEvent method to swirl the snow around with a shake.
● Implemented Touch Event method to swirl the snow around with the use of finger

● Developed analytics for the application so as to keep a track of the app on which device and in which places
it has been used.
● Designed and developed the request and response data to and from gallery.
● Participated in all the phases of SDLC from design, development through testing, porting and support of
application.

Environment: SDK, Eclipse IDE, Frame Layouts, DDMS console and User Interface Design.

JAVA Developer
Inforlinx Solutions Private Limited  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - June 2008 to October 2010

Description: Inforlinx is an ISO 9001:2008 certified Web & Mobile Application Development Company. They
help companies manage their IT needs for Web Development Solutions & Internet marketing. The core aim is
to provide Web based Solutions and e-strategic modules to the people across the globe, with a distinct quality
and in a cost-effective module for enhancing their business competencies.

Responsibilities:
● Analyzed the requirements of the client and designed the architecture.
● General Designs and Detailed Designed were reviewed along with peers.
● Development of UI screen with HTML and JSP.
● Work closely with UI/UX teams and backend teams.
● Implement the UI/UX customizations.
● Implemented Push notifications to notify user for all crucial information.
● Involved in unit testing, integration testing and user acceptance testing.
● Wrote Stored Procedures for MySQL Database.
● Team coordination for different issues and referrals.
● Provided Onsite Support after the system went Live.
● Worked under the UNIX environment.

Environment: Java, Servlets, JSP, EJB, JDBC, MySQL, UNIX, Tomcat.
<ba>
LINKS

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.statefarm.pocketagent
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Android OS Android 1.5 to Android 5.1, Android NDK
Languages Java, C, C++, Objective-C
Scripting Languages JavaScript, JQuery, Python, R
Web HTML5, CSS, XML, AJAX, Node JS, Angular JS
Frameworks Struts, Spring MVC
Database SQLite, MySQL, Oracle […] DB2, MongoDB
IDE Android Studio, Eclipse

