<ba>
Prashanth Kumar

Android Developer

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prashanth-Kumar/fc7efda6d05b349d
<su>
➢  Over  5  Years  of  Professional  Experience  in  analysis,  design,  development,  customization  testing  and
production support of various enterprise mobile applications in Banking, retail.
➢ Proficient in Android architecture, design guidelines and Material Design.
➢ Experience in using Fragments, Activity workflow, Action Bar Navigation, Menu designs, custom views and
Loaders.
➢  Well  versed  in  REST  apis  and  handling  back-end  services.  Strong  Trouble-shooting,  Problem  solving,
Analytical & Design Skills.
➢ Experience in developing mobile apps using modern architectures like MVVM and MVP.
➢ Developed mobile apps using Bluetooth/ Bluetooth LE APIs.
➢ Experience with Reactive (RxAndroid) and dependency injection (Dagger 2) frameworks.
➢ Implemented various 3rd party libraries that are available in the market for improving the performance of
the application. Libraries like Picasso, GSON, Retrofit, Buterknife, LeakCanary, Mixpanel & Apptentive.
➢ Experience in performance optimization of Android applications and exposure to tools such as Trace-
➢ View, Lint, and Hierarchy Viewer
➢ Experience in integration of Android based mobile applications with Restful web services.
➢ Developed Mobile Device Management (MDM) product, enabling BYOD for enterprise.
➢ Participated in design reviews, code reviews and functional demos
➢ Unit-testing code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability.
➢ Collaborated with cross functional teams (Product, UX/UI) to define, design and ship new features.
➢ Contributed to architectural design, automated testing and continuous integration
➢ Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture
➢ Strong troubleshooting, Problem solving, Analytical & Design Skills
➢ Efficient in all phases of the SDLC (Agile Methodology) including System Testing, User Acceptance Testing
& Prod Support and exposure to Software Quality Assurance process
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Wells Fargo Bank, NC - May 2016 to January 2017

Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wf.wellsfargomobile&hl=en

Description: The mobile banking app for Android Devices with Wells Fargo Bank offers a secured login system
to the existing Wells Fargo customers for personal account management. The application mechanism involves
retrieval of user account information from the secure internal database API's to view and perform transactions.
Customer may also utilize features such as view check and deposit images, pay bills, transfer funds, send and
receive money by email address or mobile number, explore detailed account activity and get quick access to
single sign on screen. The app also allows the use of Google map API to find nearby branches and ATMs.

Responsibilities:
➢ Discussed the requirements with the client and documented the requirements.
➢ Prepare the prototype based on the client requirement and share to client manager.
➢ Involved in designing the interface along with the Design and UX team for better usability and handling
across Android and maintain their relative nativity (phones and tablets).

➢ Developed user-friendly user-interfaces using widgets like Menus, Dialogs, Different Layouts, Buttons, Edit
boxes.
➢ Use frameworks and libraries such as RxJava for event-bussing, and Dagger 2 for
dependency injection.
➢ Created Selection widgets like List View using Array Adapters and Scroll View as per client need.
➢ Involved in "send text" and numbers to the handset using the PC keyboard using SMS Manager.
➢ Versatile to identify the root cause of an application issues while working on Android devices.
➢ Making the Restful Service Calls using Retrofit Library at the various stages in the app development cycle
and parsing the responses back from the web servers according to the application requirement.
➢ Used GPS provider to quickly find location using Location Manager and navigates the directions to the
nearest bank or ATM.
➢ Designed the Custom Dialog using the Fragment Activity.
➢ Designed the Custom Action bar, Custom Progress bar while making service calls.
Consumed restful web services to fetch user profile and daily transaction details report data.
➢ Worked closely with another mobile app developer, leading the other platform development.
➢ Used Dalvik Debugging Monitoring Service (DDMS) for monitoring log activity, threads, network connectivity,
errors, and memory allocation.
➢ Identifying Critical/Crash/Hidden defects in applications using mobile apps and Ability to give suggestions
for a quick fix by analyzing logs.
➢ Tested the app across different versions of Android and different android phones to assure quality and
performance.
➢ Worked with Android Espresso for unit testing and instrumentation testing.
➢ Proficient in creating test data for Business users, Personal users, Commercial users and used to unit test
and requirement validation purpose.
➢ Working in agile methodology, working as team player and participating in daily stand-up meetings and
involved with scrum project estimation meeting on bi-weekly.
Environment: Android Studio, Android 4.0 and up versions, Android SDK 4.1, Java 1.6, SQLite 3.0, Junit,
DDMS

Android Developer
Rapid Value Solutions - November 2015 to May 2016

Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hs.helloscheduling&hl=en
Description: Dash Board is an employee leaves approval management. This app will support different event of
life cycle data management. The main objective of this app is to show Access Info, Status (Apply, Forwarding
and Granting) of leaves and permissions.
Responsibilities:
➢ Understanding the client requirements and collecting information about the project.
➢ Developing the MVC and MVP architecture.
➢ Integrated Android SDK using eclipse IDE and Android Studio.
➢ Worked closely with the web application development team to ensure proper integration between mobile
application and web application.
➢ Implementing complex custom layout designs for the applications without any memory leaks.
➢ Use of open source libraries/tools including RXJava.
➢ Integrating lessons from the internal server and made application flexible to update changes at any point
of time using SVN.
➢ Implementing application to support different screen sizes.
➢ Developing screens using XML, 9-patch and integrated them in to the application.
➢ Handled JSON and Rest Client web services to get and send data.
➢ Integrating GCM Notifications and handled app without any memory leaks.

➢ Debugging and Root cause analysis of Development issues
➢ Tested the application on various Android devices.
Environment: Android SDK, Eclipse IDE, Android API's, PhoneGap, Node.js, JDK, XML, JSON, SQLite, Log
cat, Windows 7.

Android Developer
United Wills, CA - November 2014 to October 2015

Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ebestiot.smartrewards&hl=en

Description: The Coca-Cola MCR application provides a way to manage Coca-Cola rewards, point balances,
offers based on location and user profile.
Responsibilities:
➢ Involved in requirement gathering and designing of the application.
➢ Responsible for consuming the REST services, getting JSON response and parsing them to get the required
information.
➢ Implemented unique design for portrait and landscape mode.
➢ Implemented SQLite database.
➢  Work  closely  with  the  web  application  development  team  to  ensure  proper  integration  between  mobile
application and web application.
➢ Debugging and Root cause analysis of production issues.
➢ Tested the application on various Android devices

Environment: Android SDK 2.2, Eclipse IDE 3.5, ADT Plug in, JDK 1.6, XML, JSON, HTML, CSS, SQLite,
Web Services, Trace View, Log cat, Windows 7.

Android Developer
Global IT Solutions - January 2014 to October 2014

Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.healthtap.userhtexpress&hl=en

Description: Health Tap is a mobile application developed for HealthTap.com. It is created to provide and share
information among the social network of community members. The members can report symptoms, conditions,
actions, and the results of the actions they are taking to live happier, healthier lives. Experts can post their
answers and suggestions to the user's questions.

Responsibilities
➢ Developed the User Interface layers and the web modules for the activities including Home Screen, Sign
In, Profile, Settings, and Questions.
➢ Used Android SDK 2.0 and Eclipse IDE for development.
➢ Used multi-threading to implement parallel processing.
➢ Utilized web-services (HTTP based, XML, SOAP, JSON or other services), in order to tie our applications
to critical server-side APIs.
➢ Developed necessary DAOs (Data Access Objects) for client.
➢ Researched technical issues and provided recommendations.

Environment: Java, Android SDK, Eclipse 3.4/3.5, JSON, SOAP, DAO, Image Downloader.

Java Developer
Flasto IT Solutions - June 2012 to December 2013

Project Description

Responsibilities:
➢ Used Eclipse as an IDE for coding the whole application.
➢ Responsible for implementing the whole application in MVC Design pattern.
➢ Designed the user interface pages in JSP using HTML.
➢ Developed server side programming using Java Servlets and EJB.
➢ Responsible for client side validation using JavaScript.
➢ Involved as a team member in developing J2EE Module.
➢ Performed Unit and Functionality testing.
➢ Involved in Exception handling.
➢ Developed Java classes to update, retrieval and inserting records to oracle database using
Oracle
Environment: Core Java, J2EE, XML, Servlets, Java Script, JSP, HTML, JDBC, SOAP, Eclipse3.2 with My
Eclipse, SQL, Oracle, Junit, EJB.
<sk>
SKILLS

ECLIPSE (3 years), XML (3 years), JAVA (3 years), ANDROID (3 years), ANDROID SDK (3 years)
<ba>
LINKS

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wf.wellsfargomobile&hl=en
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technologies
Java JDK […] (JSP 1.2/2.0, Servlets 2.3/2.4, EJB 2.0), Android SDK 2.2, Spring 2.1, Spring 3.0, Hibernate,
JDBC 3.0, JavaScript 1.8.x,CSS3, JSON, Web Services.

Android App
Mobile Development

SDK 2.x, 3.x, 4.0,4.2 Android, API - Activities, ListViews, Adapters, SQLite, Horizontal scrolling, Notification
Manager, Contact Content Provider, DDMS, Location, Map, HTTP Client, JSON based Web Services, Camera
API, Facebook API.

Debugging and Testing Tools JUnit, DDMS, Logcat
Markup Languages HTML 4.0.1, HTML5 and XML 1.0.
Application Servers JBoss […] Tomcat […] WebSphere 6.0
IDE Eclipse 3.x, NetBeans 5.x/6.x/7.x, […] Oracle J Developer 10g/11g, Microsoft Visio 2007.
Data bases SQLite 3.6, Oracle 9i/10g, MySQL […] MS-SQL Server […]
OS Windows (2000/XP Professional, Windows 7, Windows 8, Ubuntu, Fedora, Macintosh

