<ba>
Roberto Mejia

Web Developer

Houston, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Roberto-Mejia/14a5f011b2048af7
</ba>
<su>
Driven Full-stack web developer with expertise in creating and managing websites with a focus on good coding
standards, responsiveness, conversion optimization, SEO, user experience, and speed optimization. Quick
learner and committed scholar with strong leadership qualities with a passion to help the company succeed.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
</su>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
EVgo Services  -  Houston, TX - November 2016 to Present

Developed websites, one-page applications, and web based tools to improve current web assets. Worked on
projects to improve conversion optimization, performance, analytics tracking, and user experience.

Director of Technology
Bonafide  -  Houston, TX - January 2013 to Present

Acted  as  web  developer,  project  manager,  and  SEO  expert  for  an  Internet  marketing  agency.  Developed
websites,  Maintained  and  updated  websites,  web  apps,  managed  all  website  builds,  focusing  on  SEO,
conversion optimization, content strategy, and user experience. Helped with SEO and other inbound marketing
techniques as needed.

Owner
Purple Frog Enterprises  -  Corpus Christi, TX - August 2010 to Present

Managed a successful web development and Internet marketing business. Provided web development, app
development, web design, UX, conversion optimization. Provided on-going support for site analytics, SEO,
content strategy, and other inbound marketing techniques to meet business goals.
Selected Contributions:
• Mastered inbound marketing including SEO, content, SEM, and conversion strategies to generate traffic and
sales to SeikoWatchesUSA.com, an e-commerce website with over 3000 pages and consistent growth trends.
• Developed and managed SEO, link building, and content strategies to generate traffic and link authority.
• Tested and improved conversion strategies on search engine results and on product pages to increase sales
• Designed site architecture to ensure best user experience while maintaining an easy to crawl linking structure.
• Created and managed PPC campaigns with minimal budget optimizing for cost per click to increase profits.
• Managed all aspects of running an online business including finances, marketing, and website development.
• Created and manages several websites including a small blog network to generate link authority and traffic.

Web Developer
DEALERWEBB  -  Houston, TX - January 2015 to June 2016

Developed  modern,  responsive  websites  in  the  automotive  industry  using  cutting  edge  technologies  while
focusing on speed optimization, SEO, browser compatibility, and conversion optimization. Built widgets and
web apps, using APIs and our own proprietary automotive system.
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

Business Management

University of Phoenix
2008 to Present

Associate of Arts in Business
Axia College
2008 to 2010

Computer Science
University of Houston  -  Houston, TX
1999 to 2004
</ed>
<sk>
SKILLS

PHP, JavaScript, Python, jQuery, Angular, MySQL, SQLite HTML5, CSS3. SEO, User Experience, Project
Management (9 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Full-Stack Web Development
• Conversion Optimization
• CSS3, HTML5, Bootstrap
• JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Angular
• PHP, ASP.NET, C#
• Ecommerce, CTR optimization
• Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
• User Experience (UX)
• MySQL, MS-SQL
• Management & Leadership
• Speed Optimization
• Project Management
</sk>
