<ba>
Sayaritra P -- […]

Android Developer

Edison, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/3ca9bdf3b0b4712e>
Sayaritra
[…]
developer1153@gmail.com
<su>
● Over 7 years of professional IT experience including 4 year's experience in Android application development,
testing & deployment in Consumer and Enterprise Applications.
● Proficient with Java, Android SDK version Android 2.2 to Android 6.0 (Froyo, Gingerbread, Honeycomb, Ice
Cream Sandwich, Jelly Bean, KitKat, Lollipop, Marshmallow).
● Strong knowledge on object oriented programming and software engineering.
● Expertise in Data Structure, Multithreading, Collections, Exception handling, Socket Programming.
● Expertise in developing android applications using Eclipse IDE, SQLite, Java, XML, Android SDK and ADT
plugin.
● Experience in working with Bluetooth Low Energy, Wi-Fi and NFC.
● Extensive experience in building mobile applications using Android framework APIs such as (Location/,
Camera, Animations, Maps).
● In depth experience to use Google services, Location services, and Google Maps.
● Experience in Cross-Cutting techniques like Security, Operations Management and in app Communications.
● Good experience in Open GL-ES, Text on OpenGL and Android multi-touch.
● Work experience with GIT to handle very large projects and GERRIT to submit changes for the project.
● Experience in design and development of Rich Mobile Applications using JavaScript, XML, CSS, and HTML.
● Hands on experience in using ionic framework to build beautiful and interactive mobile apps using HTML5
and CSS3.
● Good experience in Android Network protocols and Network Security.
● Experience in using SQLite Database for mobile data management, SQL SERVER database for web data
management.
● Experience on Android UI components such as Text View, List View, Customized List View, Menus, Edit
boxes,  Buttons,  Checkboxes,  Dialog  boxes,  Alert  boxes,  Action  bars,  and  Spinners  for  various  layouts  in
Application development.
● Experience in using UI designing tool such as Balsamiq and Protoshare to meet the requirements of projects
and show the results to client.
● Experience in Graphic designing in Adobe Photoshop, MS Visio and Front Page for rich user friendly front
end contents.
●  Extensive  knowledge  of  MVC  architecture  and  J2EE  Design  Patterns  like  Singleton,  Session  Facade,
Service  locator,  DAO,  DTO,  and  Business  Delegate  in  the  development  of  web  based  and  distributed
Enterprise  Applications.  Solid  experience  in  application  development  as  a  Java/J2EE  developer  using
WebSphere Application Server and WebSphere Studio Application Developer
●  Expertise  in  MVC  Architecture  using  Struts,  Spring  with  features  like  the  Validation  Framework,  Tiles
Framework, and Internationalization.
● Solid understanding in Design Patterns, MVC, Python Algorithms, Python Data Structures
<sk>
SKILL
Application Servers Tomcat […] WebSphere 6.0
IDE Eclipse 3.x, Net Beans 5.x/6.x/7.x, Android Studio Eclipse, Visual
Studio, X-Code, GDB, Android Access

Web Technologies HTML, CSS, AJAX, Backbonejs, JQuery, Angular JS
OS Android, Windows […] 2008), UNIX
RDBMS SQLite 3.6, Oracle 9i/10g, MySQL […]
Concepts OOPS,MVC,MVP
Web Servers Tomcat 6.0 Apache HTTP Server, Apache ANT, Maven
Design Tools Dreamweaver, Illustrator, Photoshop, Flash
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Wasp Mobile  -  Boca Raton, FL - June 2016 to Present

GooglePlayStoreLink:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.waspmobile.consequenceofsound
Mobile Application for the popular website consequenceofsound.net, which has around 7 Million views every
month. Gets data from the website in JSON format and displays it in the form of articles.

Project Title: Consequence of Sound
• Involved in requirement gathering, development and bug fixing.
• Used Volley library to fetch data from Server in form of Json.
• Used Glide library to lazy load images.
• Used SQLite to store data in tables. Used Transactions for faster insertion of data.
• Used ViewPager to allow user to swipe between articles.
• Used Fragments to improve UX an UI.
• Used OneSignal SDK to implement Push notification.
• Used JSoup library to insert Javascript into HTML content of the article to display the advertisement.
Environment: Android SDK, Java.

Android Developer
Wasp Mobile  -  Boca Raton, FL - February 2016 to May 2016

Front-end application, Tastemakers used to register users for private social network of Dunhill, a famous brand
of British American Tobacco. The application is primarily targeted for Indonesia. Female presenters collect
user's data and feed it in the application, which is synced to server. Registered users get access to the social
network.

●  Used  Facebook's  Conceal  library  to  encrypt  the  public's  sensitive  information.  Conceal  is  an  image
encryption library.
● Used oAuth to secure Female Presenter's login information.
● Used Asynctask to sync data to server.
● Used Connectivity API to check for internet connectivity.
● Used LocationFusedAPI to get location of the user.
● Used SQLite to store the data on the device and once synced the data is deleted on the device
● Used Camera API to launch camera and take pictures of a person's ID Card.
Environment: Android 5.0, Android SDK, Java, Eclipse, Google Maps API, Android Emulator, SQLite.

Android Developer
Visa  -  Foster City, CA - January 2015 to September 2015

Visa Explore - This app is for Visa card holders and is used for finding latest Visa offers and promotions,
overseas and nearby- from travel deals, dining, entertainment, shopping and other life style related privileges

personalized as per user interests. This app has other features like ATM locator, Currency converter, Quick
access to emergency assistance and concierge numbers. The application is free, convenient and secure.
Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.visa.asiapacific&hl=en
● Involved in implementing various UI screens matching the design requirements
● Integrated location based services using Google Maps API to display locations of the nearest ATMs.
● Used Recycler View to have an optimized list view.
● Have been part in redesigning and re-architecting the application into material design
● Extensively used REST web services to display the data on the user interface.
● Used third party libraries for network calls and parsing JSON response.
● Implemented the login screen.
● Have been part in improvising and testing on the application.
● Implemented unit testing using JUnit for the application
● Has been part in implementing various modules of the application and have end to end Knowledge of the
entire application
● Followed Scrum methodology for the application development.
● Handled integration with Social networking apps like facebook and also messaging apps like Whatsapp,
SMS.
● • Developed UI screens matching both Tablets and Mobile devices.
● • Tested the application in various versions of mobile devices and tablets.
● • Resolved compatibility issues to support various OS versions from Jellybean to Marshmallow (4.3-6.0).
Environment: Android Studio, XML, JSON, Material Design, JUnit

Android Developer
HSBC  -  Schaumburg, IL - June 2013 to July 2014

HSBC Mobile Banking - Banking app helps customers to manage money on the move and around the clock.
Other features of the app include, Log on to personal account around the world, view your account balances
and transaction history, Move money around the accounts
Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.htsu.hsbcpersonalbanking&hl=en
● Worked with Product owner to find the exact feature requirements to design the application
● Designed the app using MVC pattern following OOPS rules.
● Integration of new REST web services with the app.
● Implemented new features of the app, XML parsing using SAX and DOM parser of the REST responses.
● Implemented various UI screens meeting the requirements from the Design specifications.
● Customized UI components like alerts, popup windows for displaying information across the app.
● Used Content provider for the persistent storage of the User data, Fragments for UI.
● Integration of push notifications for the app to notify the user of updates and activity notifications.
● Integrated third party libraries like Volley, EventBus, Google Play services.
● Followed Agile development methodology and released features on release basis.
● Web view implementation with the app for the terms and confidentiality information.
● Resolved QA defects on a daily basis and prepared build release notes which provides the defect verification
status.
Environment: Android Studio, Git, Sourcetree, Gradle, Rally, Jenkins, QC, Oracle SQL Developer, SOAPUI

Software Engineer
Cognizant Technology Solutions - January 2012 to May 2013

Provider network was a Java based application which was related to health care. It helped in maintaining all
the patients' database (oracle) with information like their credentials, their disease and symptoms history as
well as their medicine, drug history as well about their insurance details.
• Involved application requirement and developing design solution.

• Building the database for the patient information.
• Used Hibernate to implement and leverage the ORM framework
• Used JUnit for all unit testing and integration testing
• Built the backend services, which will be consumed by action classes of studs.
• Created web services such as REST and SOAP to allow communication between the applications.
• Integrated spring (Dependency Injection) among different layers of an application.
• Used spring framework for dependency injection, transaction management.
• Used Spring MVC framework controllers for Controllers part of the MVC
• Designed Use Case Diagrams, Class Diagrams and Sequence Diagrams using Microsoft Visio.
• Designed User Interface based on MVC framework, which attains an apt coordination for Struts MVC, JSP,
Servlets and Custom Tag Libraries.
• Configured Struts-specific deployment descriptor (struts.xml)
• Implemented the validations using Struts MVC Framework
• Created Action Classes for Controller in Struts MVC Framework
• Implemented Struts Framework for configuration of action mappings and presentation logic in JSPs, Servlets.
Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring, Spring Security, HTML, JavaScript,, CSS, Log4j, JUnit, Apache Tomcat
server, Eclipse, Oracle, SVN, JIRA, Hibernate

Java Developer
Union Bank of India  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - June 2011 to December 2011

Union Bank of India is one of the largest government-owned banks of India. It provides products and services in
area of saving, deposit, retail loans, cards, and insurance. The objective of the project is to enable the personal
banking system which eases the maintenance of various accounts including credit-cards, loans, and fixed
deposits. The system offers automatic bill payments, bill scheduling, fund transfers and automatic notifications
through emails.
● Actively involved in Requirement Analysis, Design, Coding, Developing, unit testing and System Testing
● Used JDBC to connect to SQL Server database for data retrieval and store.
● Created specific images using Python Imaging Library for the custom images used for each book.
● Used Python to place mdata into JSON files for testing Django Websites.
● Updated and manipulated content and files by using python scripts.
● Implemented web applications in Flask and spring frameworks following MVC architecture.
● Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters.
● Worked on Python Open stack API's.
● Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files.
● Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users.
●  Used  Python  and  Django  creating  graphics,  XML  processing,  data  exchange  and  business  logic
implementation
● Deployed application on WebLogic server and used Log4j for logging and tracing the messages.
● Eclipse IDE was used and SVN repository for version control.
● Apache ANT was used for the entire build process.
● Involved in writing complex SQL queries and stored procedures in SQL Server
● Provide status reports to the management and used JUnit for unit testing for all the modules.
● Co-ordinate tasks with team and provide status reports to the management.
Environment: Core Java, SQL, Rational Rose, JMS, WebLogic, JDBC, Log4j, Eclipse, SVN, Apache ANT, Junit

Java Developer
JSB Systems  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - February 2010 to May 2011

Invoice Generation for Pharmaceutical Company
Invoice Generation for Pharmaceutical Company is a web application developed for a multinational

pharmaceutical company to create administrative section for maintenance of its invoice orders, product
search, stock availability in store, organization contracts, customer service and report generation.
As a developer, designed and implemented the user interface to generate the invoice for client orders, business
logic for product search and coded for backend to store and manage the stock and order details
● Worked on AGILE methodology
● Designed use cases, sequence and class diagrams, activities, states, objects and components.
● Used UML (MS Visio) for software design.
● Developed presentation layer with JSPs, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, JSON, jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS.
● Used Ajax and jQuery for developing asynchronous web applications on client side.
● Designed and developed XML processing components for dynamic menus on the application
● Developed the application using Spring MVC Architecture with Hibernate as ORM framework.
● Created SOAP Web Services using WSDL, XML and SOAP for transferring data.
● Wrote SQL queries for demanding complex business logic and to retrieve data used to generate the reports.
● Developed Stored Procedures and Triggers on Oracle Database.
● Used Log4j for application logging and debugging
● Developed JUnit test cases for all use cases and executed them.
● Took various initiatives to optimize existing applications for better performance and efficiency
Environment: Java 1.6, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, JUNIT 4.1, Oracle11g, Apache, Eclipse IDE, Log4J, Ajax, PL/
SQL, HTML 5, CSS, Java Script, jQuery, JSON, AngularJS.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Master of Computer Science in Computer Science
State University of New York at Buffalo  -  Buffalo, NY

Bachelor of Technology in Technology
Institute of Engineering & Management  -  Kolkata, West Bengal
<ba>
LINKS

http://consequenceofsound.net

