<ba>
Shalini Balguri

Android Developer - TRADE Financial

Fremont, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shalini-Balguri/402fb945f48c0b55
<su>
Seeking an internship or entry level position in mobile application development in Android Platform where I
can utilize my skills and knowledge for organizational development to achieve the goal.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
E*Trade Financial  -  Menlo Park, CA - June 2016 to Present

Android app allows real-time streaming quotes, place trades, manage trading accounts, and more - all from
Android-powered device.

Responsibilities:
• Created the login screen of E*trade's android application.
• Implemented material design to the application.
• Added snackbar message to the application.
• Added chrome custom tab to the application.
• Added Screen Animations.
• Generated URL connection service call using retrofit.
• Unit testing of login screen & components using Espresso.
• Automation testing of login screen using Appium.
• Used GIT for development.
• Attended daily scrum meetings and code review.
• Served as a core member of an agile team.

Tools/Environment: Android Studio 2.1.2, Google play store, Android 6.0 (Marshmallow).

Android Developer
CloudRay India Pvt Ltd  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - July 2014 to November 2014

Servant is a lifestyle application to keep users' life in financially balanced with Yelp recommended activities.
There are three main services: search activities, to-do list, and financial management. The main agenda of
this project is to make our users life easier.

Responsibilities:
• Implemented and developed To-Do list.
• Worked on bug fixing and improving application performance.
• Used GIT for the source control and JIRA and Quality center as the bug tracking tool.

Tools/Environment: Android Studio 1.3.1, Android 4.2, Android 4.2 (JellyBean) - Android 6.0 (Marshmallow),
Yelp API, Google Map API.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Event Management
Northwestern Polytechnic University  -  Silicon Valley, CA
April 2016

Master of Science in Computer Science
Northwestern Polytechnic University
April 2016

Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technological Science
Jayamukhi Institute Of technological Sciences
June 2014

Career Education Program
Jayamukhi Institute Of Technological Sciences  -  Warangal, Andhra Pradesh
May 2014

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
<sk>
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Languages: Android, iOS, Swift, C, C++, Java, JSP, JavaScript, PHP.
Databases: MySQL, Oracle, MS Access.
Frameworks: Spring, Swing, Struts, Hibernate.
Tools/IDE's: Android studio, Gradle, Eclipse, NetBeans, Visual Studio, Xcode, Espresso, Appium.
Web: HTML 5, CSS 3, XML, JSON.
Servers: Apache Tomcat.
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Macintosh.
Relevant  Courses:  Software  Engineering,  Advance  Java  Technology,  Algorithms,  Computer  Network,
Database Systems.
Repositories: SVN, GitHub.

