<ba>
Srinivas A

Atlanta, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Srinivas-A/72f24f86875b7a18
<su>
•  6+  years  of  experience  in  building  extremely  scalable  application  with  high  up-times  and  to  excel  in
technological
• 3 years of experience in Mobile Application Development using Android Technology.
• Experience in Developing Native Android Applications and Integration
• Experience in Broadcast Receivers, Content Providers.
• Experience in Service Communication
• Conceptual Knowledge in NDK.
•  Expertise  in  developing  applications  using  Core  Java,  XML&  JSON  Parsing  and  working  experience  in
Android API's. 2.2 (Froyo), 2.3 (Gingerbread)) and above
• Good integration experience in WebServices(SOAP, REST Services)
• Working experience in Parsing Techniques like DOM & SAX
• Working experience with SQLite (on Android) Databases
• Involved in the design and development of Mobile Applications
• Involved in Testing of Mobile Apps in Android Emulator (ADT), Soap UI.
• Extensive hands on experience on Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, Struts.
• Working experience in Development Environments Like Eclipse IDE, Android
Studio
• Good Experience on Version Control using Subversion, CVS and PVCS (Polytron Version Control System).
• Good knowledge in RDBMS concepts (Oracle 11g, MS SQL Server 2000) and strong SQL, PL/SQL query
writing skills (by using TOAD & SQL Developer tools), Stored Procedures and Triggers.
• Good knowledge in preparing technical documents MD070 and deployment document MD120.
• Ability to Learn in a fast paced environment and a team person to the core.
• Possess excellent presentation, interpersonal skills with a strong desire to achieve specified goals.

Appreciations

• Received appreciation from client (Gas South) in designing of Gas South Android App.
• Received Shining Star, Maverick and Feather on my Cap Awards from Wipro
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
GAS SOUTH  -  Atlanta, GA - May 2015 to Present

Project Name: Gas South
Project Description: Gas South is Georgia's fastest growing natural gas provider. Gas South application helps
you pay your bill on time and manage future payments from the convenience of your Android smart phone.

Key Features on the App -
• CONVENIENCE: Store and access all of your Gas South accounts and payment methods to make quick
future payment from your device.
• ACCOUNT BALANCE: Would like to know how much you need to pay? Amount due information is sent
directly to the app

• PAYMENT METHODS: Pay using your bank account, VISA and MasterCard credit/debit cards
• SAME-DAY PAYMENTS: Make immediate, same-day post payments to your Gas South account
• PAYMENT HISTORY: Payment receipts sent directly to your email inbox and view past in-app payments
right from your App.
• LOCATIONS FINDER: Find a Gas South authorized payment locations near you.

Role: Android Developer | Environment: Android Studio, Java, Oracle 11g

Responsibilities:
1. Implemented complex custom layout design for Gas South application.
2. Responsible for integrating from the internal server and made application flexible to update changes at any
point of time.
3. Implemented application to handle orientations and support different screen sizes.
4. Handled web services consumption for fetching content from the Weblogic Server.
5. Integrated Facebook.
6. Integrated Google Map-kit for showing the payment locations.
7. Used subversion as version control.

Android Developer
CISCO SYSTEM  -  San Jose, CA - January 2014 to May 2015

Project Name: X1 Sourcing
Project Description: Large scale services (LSS) Supply Chain -Oracle Applications -R12 is the initiative to
migrate all Supply Chain Oracle Applications 11i processes to standard tools of Oracle Applications R12 and
improve tools availability and ability to respond to business requests. As part of this initiative the new projects -
cost automation and mobile applications are developed to automate the certain type of request for information
(RFI), Request for Quote (RFQ), sourcing rules, externalize the agreements to cisco manufacturing partners
to provide better online rates and easy way to approach the system.

From your phone, anywhere and anytime, take quick action on approval requests across functional areas in
Oracle E-Business Suite Sourcing module.

Key Features on the App -
• Quickly filter approval requests by sender, subject, or type
• Review at a glance header and line item details, action history, attachments, and comments
• Approve or reject with or without comments, or request more information
• Upload csv files and get the quotes by email.

Role: Android Developer | Environment: Eclipse, Android Studio

Responsibilities:
1. Conduct proof of concepts on the solution.
2. Understanding the existing system and transforming that into new system.
3. Designing solution and preparing Technical Design Document.
4. Co-coordinating with offshore explaining solution and technical approach to ensure the on-time deliverables.
5. Responsible for on-time deliverables.
6. Ensure the dependent team's needs are satisfied.
7. Responsible for overall excellent souring and costing solution design for the Cisco.
8. Ensuring code maintenance in PVCS
9. Co-coordinating with business for testing.

10. Go-Live and Post Go-live supporting

Wipro Design - March 2013 to January 2014

Project Description: Wipro Design is a first of its kind Lighting Design App launched by Wipro Lighting.

Key Features on the App -
• Users can do the Lighting Design for Offices and Industries.
• Users can create BOQs of the Lighting Design.
• Users have an option to get a copy of the BOQ on their email id.
• Users can see our latest LED and Conventional product offerings
• Users can view their Designs and see how the designed area would look like

Role: Android Developer | Environment: Android Studio, Oracle 11g

Responsibilities:
1. Implemented custom layout design for Wipro Design application.
2. Implemented application to handle orientations and support different screen sizes.
3. Handled web services consumption for fetching content from the Weblogic Server.
4. Designing solution and preparing Technical Design Document.
5. Used CVS as version control.
6. Responsible for on-time deliverables.
7. Go-Live and Post Go-live supporting

App Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wipro.wiprolighting&hl=en

CISCO SYSTEM - May 2012 to March 2013

Project: RCDN Migration and Enhancements on Java Applications

Project  Description:  RCDN  Migration  project  involves  the  migration  of  applications  from  San  Jose  to
Richardson. The Richardson data center has WAS 6.1 so all the applications needs to be migrated from WAS
5.1 to WAS 6.1 with necessary connectivity changes. Moreover, at new da ta center at Richardson applications
will be protected by Oracle Access Manager which was earlier getting protected by SiteMinder at San Jose.
Migrating few Oracle forms from one server to other server. And Enhancements of all the migrated applications
in new environment.

Role: Java/J2EE Developer | Environment: Eclipse, Oracle R12, Toad

Responsibilities:
1. Requirements analysis and Design phase.
2. Coding on Java, Servlets, JSPs and struts framework.
3. Server and Client side validations.
4. Migrating all the java/j2ee applications from SJ to RCDN in Stage environment.
5. Code review.
6. Unit testing and problem analysis and fixing.
7. Discussion and meeting with client for requirements.
8. Preparation of Test Cases and Test Review reports.

MasterCard  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - December 2011 to May 2012

Project Name: MasterCard PayPass Locator

Project Description: Find merchants who accept MasterCard PayPass around the world with your Android's
GPS, by entering an address or an airport location, from wherever you happen to be. The MasterCard PayPass
locator makes it fast and easy for you to locate the closest PayPass locations. And because the app is location
aware, there's no need to input your address or current location. The PayPass locator lets you tailor your
search by category and merchant name.

Key Features on the App -
• Finds PayPass merchants near your current location.
• Finds PayPass merchants near any address or airport location in the world.
• Provides you with the distance between your chosen location and the PayPass enabled merchants.
• Provides you with driving directions and a map to the nearest PayPass merchant locations.
•  Filters  your  PayPass  search  based  on  the  type  of  merchants  you  need:  convenience  stores,  fast-food
restaurants, retail, transportation, automotive, and many more.

Role: Android Developer | Environment: Eclipse
Responsibilities:
1. Implemented custom layout design of App.
2. Implemented application to handle orientations and support different screen sizes.
3. Handled web services consumption for fetching content of Locations.
4. Designing solution and preparing Technical Design Document.
5. Integrated Google Map-kit for showing the payment locations
6. Used CVS as version control.
7. Responsible for on-time deliverables.
8. Go-Live and Post Go-live supporting

App Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mastercard.paypass&hl=en

CISCO SYSTEM - March 2010 to December 2011

Project: Enhancements on Java Applications
Project  Description:  Manufacturing  Reporting  Analysis  Project  (MRAP)  is  an  automated  daily  virtual  close
reporting tool for use by Manufacturing Finance and for Manufacturing Operations. Add 2 columns [Account
Number and Posted/Unposted Journal Status] in the GL Totals. Adding the GL Details Report on MRAP tool
for better reporting and enhancing Business user's capability. Add an Account column in Perpetual Totals
excel (that gets generated when user clicks on Perp Totals) on the GL Details Report on MRAP tool for better
reporting and enhancing Business user's capability. Add "Account" Column on the MRAP Tool on the Flash
report for better reporting and enhancing Business user's capability.

Role: Java/J2EE Developer | Environment: Eclipse, Oracle R12, Toad

Responsibilities:
1. Requirements analysis and Design phase.
2. Coding on Java, Servlets, JSPs and struts framework.
3. Server and Client side validations.
4. Developing application using java/j2ee.
5. Code review.
6. Unit testing and problem analysis and fixing.
7. Preparation of Test Cases and Test Review reports.

