<ba>
Tania Sekhon

Android Developer - Cloudeeva, NJ

New York, NY - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tania-Sekhon/d69872df22c5c330
<su>
➢ Over 5 years of experience in IT sector in design, development, analysis, and implementation and for testing
high-end enterprise level Java, Windows and Web based applications. This included 3 years of tablet and
smartphone development experience which had an Android operating system.
➢ Proficient with common Android framework API's.
➢ Extensively worked with Android SDK version […] and Eclipse IDE while using an Android ADT plug-in.
➢ Excellent knowledge of e-commerce, health care and the banking domain and was able to incorporate this
knowledge in order to implement monetization of apps with capabilities to do in-app purchases.
➢ Experience in using Storage options in Android such as Shared Preferences.
➢  Sizeable  amount  of  work  has  been  done  on  memory  management,  push  notifications,  multiple  screen
support, data offline usage, content providers and sync on Android.
➢ Expertize in using Fragments, Activity workflow, Menu Designs, Action Bar Navigation and view controls.
➢ Good exposure in developing GUI while using Interface design principles for Android tablet and mobile
devices.
➢ Strong skills in creating interfaces with services for mobile applications.
➢ Good mobile and web designing skills while utilizing Activities (Android), HTML 5, Java Script and XML.
Experience in applying web service protocols such as REST, SOAP and HTTP.
➢ Experience in using markup languages in web services such as JSON, HTML and XML.
➢  Worked  extensively  in  developing  mobile-based  and  advanced  web-based  applications  while  utilizing
JAVA, Servlets, JSP, HTML, XHTML, JavaScript and Oracle. Expert level skills in SQL and database query
optimization techniques.
➢ Have hands-on experience in complete project life cycle with domain knowledge in e-learning and web as
well as mobile application development.
➢ Working knowledge of graphic design and handling various kinds of media using Photoshop, Illustrator and
flash.
➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills, excellent communication and presentation skills as well as
efficient decision making skills and excellent team player.
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Cloudeeva, NJ - July 2012 to Present

Cloudeeva enables execution and provides support to its clients in order to solve their complex problems or
help in dealing with unforeseen challenges. Cloudeeva also provides cloudsourcing solutions to their clients
(procuring of entire IT infrastructure from a cloud) which integrates with any platform without the need of an
overhead management.
MyBI 06/2013 - Present
MyBI is a mobile app which enables users to get access to executive reports and dashboards in a secure
environment by interfacing with Enterprise Business Intelligence systems. This application is integrated with
SAP Business Objects Enterprise, Salesforce, Microsoft SharePoint, Dropbox and Google Drive.

Responsibilities:
➢ Used standard android components, activities, services, database, various UI widgets types, etc. as well
as created custom views for the application.

➢ Created and incorporated SQLite database manager for local data persistence of audit files on the device.
➢ Implemented integration with Google Drive and Dropbox for uploading and downloading audit files, creating
folders on Google Drive and listing out the folder content.
➢ Implemented UI designs foe Microsoft Sharepoint and Salesforce.
➢ Integrated Sharepoint and Saleforce with the application.
➢ Designed UI using views provided by android and created custom views when required.
➢ Coded using Java programming methodologies and debugging was done using eclipse.
➢ Implemented custom classes for web services (JSON) to acquire data from the server.
➢ Used GIT as source control systems for code base management.
➢ Instrumental in the implementation of Import and Merge functionality within the app.
➢ Conducted product integration and testing on various android devices.
➢ Deployed prototypes of the app for hands on user testing.
➢ Identified and fixed any bugs reported during the testing phase of the project.
Environment: Android (4.3 and 4.4), Java, Android SDK, ADT 21.1.0, JSON, REST API (XML), MySQL, Eclipse
4.3, XML, SQlite3.

Cloudeeva management
Cloudeeva, NJ - July 2012 to May 2013

to keep tabs on their sales team in terms of their location, expenditure and miles travelled as they travel around
the country for various projects and client interaction ventures.
Responsibilities:
➢  Formulated  a  course  of  action  including  a  concept  of  the  app  and  setting  a  timeline  for  completing  the
assigned project.
➢ Division of the various tasks that would be required in order to make the project successful.
➢ Used google play library in order to utilize google maps.
➢ Incorporation of various permissions from the eclipse library as well as making our own permissions was
understood and implemented.
➢ Utilization of GPS within programming was assimilated within the code for displaying and providing the exact
location of users within a map at real time.
➢ Designed the navigation of the application using eclipse in order to assimilate the direction the app was
heading.
➢ Designed the UI's using views and ensured they were compatible with various android devices.
➢ Ensured that the source code for the divided modules were kept in a central unit in order for the other team
members to access the said code easily.
➢ The process of blending of codes written by various team members in order to provide the application as
a single process was done.
➢ Testing of the application on an android device in order to ensure its successful functionality.
➢ Deployed prototypes of the application in order for it to be utilized for user training.
Environment: JAVA, Android SDK, Android Emulator, Eclipse version 4.2

Android Developer
NBC Universal  -  Los Angeles, CA - April 2011 to June 2012

App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nbcuni.nbc
This is a high traffic mobile ticketing application where the user can view a theater and movie listings on their
phone. The app syncs the purchases to the user device from the cloud. The user can view trailers, and submit
reviews.
Responsibilities:
➢ Implemented scanning of QR code by using third party libraries. The users could scan a code for recording
a series.

➢ Developed new screen GUI widgets, layouts, custom lists, custom layouts and custom adapters.
➢ Responsible for building UI's using view groups for different layouts like tabular and linear architectures.
➢ Integrated the mobile app with cloud based services.
➢ Implemented the app security using third party and open source security frame works.
➢ Socialized the app by integrating it with facebook and twitter.
➢ Provided production support for the application after it was released in the market.
➢ Developed UI's for Honeycomb devices specific to tablets.
➢ Developed unit test cases using Junit.
Environment: Android 2.3, Honey comb 3.0, ADT, JAVA, Junit, REST API's.

C/C++ Programmer
Networks In Motion, Orange County - January 2010 to March 2011

Networks in Motion is a telecom company and a pioneer in Mobile and GPS enabled Navigation products.
The goal of the project was to extend the Navigation functionality of consumers so that they can use public
transit systems. With growing demand for a multi modal reliable system especially in urban areas, the plan
was to use open source GTFS data.
Responsibilities:
➢  Created  feature  requirement  document  and  participated  in  reviews  with  user  experience  team  and
brainstormed on different usage scenarios.
➢ Understood the GTFS data and studied how effectively it can be integrated to the existing "Points of Interest"
table that is obtained from NAVTEQ.
➢ Created SDS documents for the requirements and provided database schemes which were developed in
SQLite.
➢ Designed and implemented a spatial search table inside SQLite to enable public transit stops to be searched
spatially.
➢ Designed and Implemented a feeds system using Python that would automatically download data from
various GTFS sources and keep the database synchronized with the current schedule.
➢ Worked with a team of 8 engineers and helped them come up to speed on the design and implementation
of various components.
➢ Helped in coordinating with the offshore development and testing team in Russia and China and participated
in code-reviews and QA test plans.
Environment: C++, Python 2.4, Red Hat LINUX, SQLite, Socket Programming, Multithreading, POSTGRESQL.
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skill Set:
Java, Eclipse, Android SDK's version 2.3-4.2, SQL server 2005 and 2008, VLSI design, C++, SQL (Oracle
based systems), SQLite, Python, Network Simulation, Matlab, HTML, Javascript, and Linux based systems,
Microsoft visual basic, Microsoft VISIO, Microsoft office, IOS based systems.

Projects Summay:

