<ba>
Thushara Prasad

Android Developer

Edison, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Thushara-Prasad/d17216f1d9cef582
<su>
Created user-friendly, aesthetically pleasing and fully functional applications for Android mobiles
Known for writing efficient, maintainable and reusable codes.
Proficient in object-oriented design, data structures, problem solving, complexity analysis, and debugging
Conceived, developed and implemented one informative newspaper app in more than 10 languages https://
play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tamilnewspapers.india
Expert in the interaction between various devices and different versions of Android
Regarded as a self-motivated and organized team player

Skills Summary
Willing to relocate to: New York, NY
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Entiresoft Technologies - May 2014 to March 2015

Project 1: News aggregator app.
Anchored the mobile development team for this reputed software company. Worked with an efficient group of
developers to create a Newspaper app, which mobilized multiple newspapers in a single touch .This application
consists  of  many  major  daily  newspapers  from  various  Indian  regional  languages  as  well  as  few  foreign
languages. Based on language all newspapers are listed on a side menu so that users can easily select and
read on a single touch.

Tasks and responsibilities
• Conceptualized, designed, developed and deployed mobile applications.
• Developed using Eclipe IDE
• Researched application acceptance and solicited feedback from users to boost adoption rates
• Wrote technical specifications and maintained all reports pertaining to application development process
• Communicated effectively with stakeholders to manage expectations
• Tested the application on various mobile devices including tablets and android phones.
• Designed applications for all types of screen sizes and orientations.
• Integrated google play services.

Project 2: Film review application
This application was built on IOS platform and contains all the updated film news and reviews. It also consists
an option for users to select different categories of information related to films.

Tasks and responsibilities
•  This  application  is  iPhone  compatible,  and  was  designed  and  implemented  using  iPhone  SDK,  X-Code,
Objective-C and Interface Builder.
• Integrated json parsing techniques and other objective c methods.
• Excelled in application concept development and wire framing using xCode's Storyboard
• Coordinate with designers and other developers to complete projects.

Android Developer
PortLeaf Technologies - May 2012 to April 2014

Responsibilities
• Assist team in application Design and Analysis.
• Wrote technical specifications and maintained all reports pertaining to application development process
• Communicated effectively with stakeholders to manage expectations
• Tested the application on various mobile devices including tablets and android phones.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science
University of Kerala
<sk>
SKILLS

Android (2 years), Android SDK (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), Eclipse (Less than 1 year), IOS
(Less than 1 year)
<ba>
LINKS

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tamilnewspapers.india
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

OPERATING SYSTEMS
iOS, Mac OS X, Android SDK, Windows.
TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGIES
iOS SDK, Interface Builder, Android SDK, Eclipse, XML, HTML, CSS.Android Studio.

LANGUAGES

Soft Skills
Communications, teamwork, organization, sense of urgency, leadership, fiscal responsibility

