<ba>
Trent Bennett

Android Developer - Greyhound

Richardson, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Trent-Bennett/494bd979e56fdc84
<su>
Proficient Android Developer with over 4 years of experience of building and testing mobile apps. Specializing
in providing solutions for businesses and private entrepreneurs with apps with thought out features, robust
code, and a clean user experience.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Greyhound  -  Dallas, TX - June 2015 to Present

• Work as a team to develop and deploy internal and consumer facing apps for Greyhound
• Work in an agile environment utilizing JIRA.
•  Redesigned  and  overhauled  the  consumer  Greyhound  app.  Focusing  on  making  a  cleaner  UX,  and
implementing an MVP pattern at the code level for easier maintenance.
• Implemented a continuous integration practice using Jenkins.
• Write unit test cases in a test drive environment.
• Contribute new ideas for innovation.
• Provided first point of contact for mobile app development team for the UK parent corporation.

Android Developer
JustJam Startup - May 2015 to March 2016

Contract position during college)
• Worked with team members to develop a cohesive web and mobile design.
• Worked with team members to develop backend web services.
• Worked with Google Maps API and Location services

Android Developer
Greyhound - July 2015 to December 2015

Contract position during college)
• Implemented an in-app messaging system.
• Implemented GCM push notifications.
• Implemented Services and Broadcast Receivers.
• Implemented an SQLite database

Android Developer
DoodleYak App - HackUTD Hack-a-thon Project - 2015 to January 2015

A simple collaborative drawing app that featured a drawing canvas that you could share with a friend over a
Bluetooth connection.

iOS Developer
Android - May 2014 to November 2014

At Ease App
The main feature of the app is a player that is included to play guided imagery tracks. These guided
imagery tracks are used to help improve sleep, reduce stress, easing pain, and reducing anxiety.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
The University of Texas at Dallas  -  Dallas, TX
May 2015
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Knowledge
Android Development, iOS Development, Xamarin Development, Java, Swift, C#.

