<ba>
Vijender Nagra

Android Developer - Eidyias Inc

Fremont, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vijender-Nagra/0a170889d9ba8c30
<su>
Seeking  a  developer  position  in  an  organization  where  I  can  utilize  my  existing  skills  and  knowledge  and
develop new skills to contribute in the accomplishment of project goals.
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Eidyias Inc  -  Fremont, CA - January 2014 to Present

Developed an android fitness application to display the calories burnt using the GPS data. Application uses
the Location Manager and Location Listener provided by android SDK to find the exact location changes of
the device. Primary purpose of this app is to calculate the distance traveled and calculate the calories burnt
based on the distance travelled.
❸  Contributed  to  the  full  mobile  application  development  lifecycle  from  planning,  requirement  gathering,
development, testing and launching on Google play store for beta testing.
❸ Responsible for development of all application components and UI resources
❸ Integrated Google play services and Google Maps API V2
❸ Performed testing on Physical device and the android emulator.
❸ Built compatibility with android version 2.2 (API 8) to present (API 19).
❸ Implemented Location Listener to show exact location on Google Maps.
❸ Used Polylines to draw path on Google Maps with accurate GPS location changes.
❸ Published and updated the application on the Google play store as Calorie Burnt.

Android Developer
Basic Launcher - July 2013 to Present

Developed and application which is a customized, performance driven - home screen replacement for Android
Devices. Application's primary use is for adult's unfamiliar with the smart-phone interface or anyone upgrading
from a simple phone. It is made to serve people with disabilities and senior's to find their way around the phone
by providing features like - easy access to navigation, phone contacts, simple easy to use voice commands.
❸  Contributed  to  the  full  mobile  application  development  lifecycle  from  planning,  requirement  gathering,
development, testing and code maintenance and enhancement.
❸ Built various UI components using the android SDK and Eclipse android plug-in.
❸ Performed speech reorganization tasks by utilizing TextToSpeech and recognizer Intent.
❸ Added support for reminder setting and status bar notification using pending intent and alarm manager.
❸ Integrated Android Google Maps V2 to locate current location and show specific address on map from user
input
❸  Other  features:  Open  phone  dialer,  open  default  browser,  browse  contacts,  browser  incoming  SMS
messages.

Android Developer
Twitter Trends - January 2013 to July 2013

The application implemented a geographic visualization of twitter data across USA. The map displayed the
people's discussion trends.

❸  Implemented  a  feature  to  aggregate  the  tweets  by  state  with  the  closest  geographic  center,  and  color
encoded each state according to the aggregate "sentiment".
❸ Implemented word extraction methods that took a string input and returned tuple of words contained in the
string.
❸ Performed a lot of debugging activity by making custom doctest dictionary to validate and analyze the twitter
"sentiments" about a topic.

Skills
Programming Languages: Core Java, Python 2/3, C, C++, JavaScript

Android - SDK 2.2 +, Emulator, ADB, DDMS, SQLite Database, Loader,
Notifications services, Location based Services, Android Google Maps v2 API,
Mobile Technologies: Content Providers, Alarm Manager, Broadcast Receiver & Services, XML, AsyncTask,
Fragments and ActionBar.
Support multiple screen sizes, Support different languages, 2D, OpenGL
<ed>
EDUCATION

Electrical Engineering & Computer Sciences
University of California  -  Berkeley, CA
August 2011 to August 2013

Computer Science & Engineering
Ohlone College  -  Fremont, CA
August 2009 to May 2011

