<ba>
William Drees

Web Developer

Orlando, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/William-Drees/9fd6512ac4136b4d
</ba>
<su>
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
</su>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
Web On The Run  -  Orlando, FL - May 2015 to Present

Accomplishments
Have you ever dreamed of playing a real life version of Mario Kart? We developed a fun and interactive version
called Web on the Run. Using remote control cars enhanced with impact sensors and infrared technology,
allowing you to disrupt racers and use power-ups. Just like in Mario Kart. Implementing various technologies
and  utilizing  the  Internet  Of  Things,  we  were  able  to  create  a  truly  one  of  a  kind  experience,  with  highly
competitive  capabilities  that  include  displaying  scores,  lap  numbers,  health,  damage  and  even  predictive
probabilities of obtaining a victory.

Skills Used
Arduino, HTML5, CSS, AngularJS, nodeJS, and many others.

Developed by: Steve Drees, Chris Lynch, Victor Cabieles, Jonathan Ortiz

Web Developer
Project Atom  -  Boca Raton, FL - November 2015 to November 2015

Responsibilities
Codeday Boca is a 24-hour event where students get together and build cool things together! You pitch ideas,
form teams, and build a cool app or game in 24 hours!

We developed a web application that allows you to put together different elemental compounds, along with
earn "molecules" (aka points) with a game play that teaches you how to make different compounds.

Accomplishments
1st Place - Top Overall

Skills Used
AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, Firebase, Express, nodeJS, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, and many more...

Web Developer
Project Unknown  -  Orlando, FL - April 2015 to April 2015

Responsibilities
Create data aggregators and visualizations of asteroid data in meaningful ways that can educate the public
about  the  need  to  explore  asteroids  and  protect  the  Earth  from  them.  Extract  data  from  existing  asteroid
databases and create clear, beautiful visualizations with them to show the power of asteroid exploration. You
can develop code that establishes connections to asteroid data sources, create data visualizers that translate
retrieved asteroid data into meaningful plots or presentations; and integrate the communications and data
visualization code into an interactive educational website.

Accomplishments
With a database containing over 600,000 records of orbital elements, that contain headings, and information
that may be difficult to read, and interpret. We have added the data into a non-relational database that can
parse and give us greater querying capabilities. We created the closest NEAs scaled down to a 1:275,000km,
starting from the closest and moving to the furthest NEA. Also with administrative capability to modify all of
the data inserted and exported out of the database. An administrative CMS system was added later on in
development for updates on all 600,000+ records.

Skills Used
nodeJS, Express, AngularJS, HTML, JavaScript, SASS, MongoDB

Developed by: Steve Drees, Chris Lynch, Victor Cabieles, Jonathan Ortiz

Web Developer
Work Overload  -  Orlando, FL - January 2015 to January 2015

Accomplishments
We created a web based application called Work Overload which is a fast paced hand-eye coordination game
where you are given specific instructions every step of the way in which you may have to match color with color,
word with color, or word with word. You can share the link with as many friends as you like so you can compete
against each other for a high score. It’s fun and exciting!! Simply register with your Google account and Login.
Then send the link to your friend and Play Now!! You have 48 hours to get the highest score. Ready, Set, Play!

Developed by: Steve Drees, Chris Lynch, Victor Cabieles, Donald Page

Skills Used
HTML5, CSS, Javascript, Git, AngularJS

Developed by: Steve Drees, Chris Lynch, Victor Cabieles, Donald Page

Personnel Administration Clerk
United States Marine Corps  -  Parris Island, SC - December 2001 to December 2009

Implemented new concepts and modified programs to exceed traditional perceptions, and meet diverse needs
• Planned, directed, and coordinated supportive services of the organization: recordkeeping, mail distribution,
telephone reception and other office support services
• Proficient at scheduling, time management, and organization
•  Knowledge  of  administrative  and  clerical  procedures  and  systems:  word  processing,  managing  files  and
records, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology
• Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words,
rules of composition, and grammar
• Knowledge of basic economic and accounting principles and practices, and reporting of financial data

Information Systems Coordinator
United States Marine Corps  -  Parris Island, SC - December 2001 to December 2009

Served as liaison between the Networking Company and the computer users to ensure hardware/software
was being used properly
• Made sure all computers were upgraded per the Networking Company's request
• Helped resolve computer questions, errors, and network connectivity problems

• Knowledge of circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and computer hardware and software,
including applications and programming

Terminal Area Security Officer
Marine Corps-wide database  -  Parris Island, SC - December 2001 to December 2009

Ensured that all personnel were equipped with the proper permissions to view their junior members' information
on the Marine Corps-wide database
• Updated personnel permissions in the Marine Corps-wide database
• Served as liaison between Headquarters Marine Corps and the Marine Corps-wide database users to ensure
proper permissions were granted
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

Web Design and Development in The Web Design & Develpment degree covers both
front end and back end development
Full Sail University  -  Winter Park, FL
2013 to 2016

Associate of Arts in General Studies
Lake-Sumter Community College  -  Leesburg, FL
2009 to 2011
</ed>
<sk>
SKILLS

PHP (2 years), nodeJS (2 years), Html5 (3 years), CSS (3 years), Javascript (3 years), MySQL (2 years),
Microsoft Office (10+ years), Python (3 years), MongoDb (2 years), JQuery (3 years), Adobe Photoshop (2
years), Adobe Illustrator (2 years), Web Design (3 years), Web Development (3 years)
</sk>
<ba>
LINKS

http://stevedrees@website.com
</ba>
<ex>
MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: United States Marine Corps
Rank: Corporal
December 2001 to December 2009
</ex>
<ca>
AWARDS

International Space Apps Challenge - 2nd Place
April 2015
The International Space Apps Challenge is an international mass collaboration focused on space exploration
that takes place over 48-hours in cities around the world. The event embraces collaborative problem solving
with a goal of producing relevant open-source solutions to address global needs applicable to both life on
Earth and life in space. This year we have over 25 challenges in four areas: Earth, Outer Space, Humans and
Robotics. NASA is leading this global collaboration along with a number of government collaborators and over
100 local organizing teams across the globe.

International Space Apps Challenge - People's Choice
April 2015
Created data aggregators and visualizations of asteroid data in meaningful ways that can educate the public
about  the  need  to  explore  asteroids  and  protect  the  Earth  from  them.  Extract  data  from  existing  asteroid
databases and create clear, beautiful visualizations with them to show the power of asteroid exploration. You
can develop code that establishes connections to asteroid data sources, create data visualizers that translate
retrieved asteroid data into meaningful plots or presentations; and integrate the communications and data
visualization code into an interactive educational website.

Top Overall - Codeday Boca Raton
November 2015
It's a 24-hour event where students get together and build cool things together! You pitch ideas, form teams,
and build a cool app or game in 24 hours!
</ca>


