<ba>
Yuriy Petrov

Las Vegas, NV - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yuriy-Petrov/ad0f62a267964ec0

</ba>
<we>

WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
Self/Freelance Work  -  Irvine, CA - December 2015 to Present

Web Developer / SEO
Self/Freelance Work - December 2015 to Present

Creating custom websites based on clients needs. Complete custom
programming using the LAMP environment. Creating custom database design utilizing
MySQL, PHP Coding, JavaScript/Ajax/jQuery frontend programming. Performance and SEO optimization of
sites.

Production Programmer
Cantara Design Group  -  Las Vegas, NV - February 2015 to December 2015

89183

Cantara Design Group - February 2013 to December 2015

Service Technician
Cantara Design Group  -  Costa Mesa, CA - September 2013 to February 2015

Troubleshooting and repair of Audio Video and Home Automation equipment. Identifying problems using skill
and knowledge of equipment as well as most common fail areas. Troubleshooting wired and wireless networks.
Optimizing systems for more stable operations and figuring out ways to bypass problematic areas. Contacting
manufacturers for RMA and/or assistance with troubleshooting of their equipment. Detailed logging of problem,
procedures performed and solutions.

Installer
Cantara Design Group - February 2013 to September 2013

Install and Wire Home A/V and Automation Systems. Wiring 10,000 to 30,000sqft
residences with Coaxial, Networking, Audio and other Cabling. Making sure the cabling
is wired to the correctly assigned designated area and wiring is correctly labeled.
Installation and termination of Punch Panels and distribution blocks. Detailed and precise
installation of Equipment such as Racks, TV's, Speakers, Lifts and more.

Operations Manager
All Supplies International - July 2007 to February 2010

Main job duties included overseeing the daily operations of the company. Monitoring and analyzing expenses,
and finding out ways to improve sales. Was responsible for reducing
operations costs while maintaining and/or improving revenue. Negotiated with shipping
carriers such as DHL, UPS and FedEx for best rates. Analyzed over 10,000 keywords and restructured over
1,000 keyword in Google Adwords Campaign to reduce the amount of

negative  ROI  keywords.  Was  responsible  for  daily  activities  of  the  company  such  as  Sourcing  (including
sourcing from oversees), Shipping (including International),
Marketing, Communications, Computers and Network support, Web Hosting and Development, Overseeing
Sales personnel, creating help documents, researching and
optimizing ways to improve sales support.

Lead Technician
- May 2006 to July 2007

Installed and configured CCTV Equipment with no supervision while training and overseeing new installers.
Responsible for sending daily status reports and
completing all projects on time. Was set as an example of perfect status report within the California region.
Performed Quality Checks of installations performed by other employees
due to being recognized for quality performance on my job sites.

Technician
Focus-Micro Inc - May 2005 to July 2007

Installed and configured CCTV Equipment with no supervision while 
training and overseeing new installers. Responsible for sending daily status reports and completing all projects
on time. Was set as an example of perfect status report within the California region. Performed Quality Checks
of installations performed by other employees due to being recognized for quality performance on my job sites.

Installer
- October 2005 to May 2006

Installed and configured CCTV Equipment under supervision and training of a Lead
Technician.

Technical Support
All Supplies International - September 2003 to October 2005

Provided Technical Support to customers on ID Card Printing. Maintained local office
network and computers. Implemented and configured systems to use UPS WorldShip
Software with integration with our sales management software to automate shipping and reduce human errors
in the process.

Technician
Digitac Computer Factory  -  Las Vegas, NV - 1999 to 2002

89183
<sk>
SKILLS

CCTV (1 year), database (1 year), HVAC (1 year), MySQL (1 year), training (3 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Knowledge and Skills

Computers and Networking:
Efficient in Windows Operating Systems and Windows based Applications, excessive knowledge of computer
hardware and peripherals. Skilled in removing Viruses and Adwares on Windows Based Platforms. Experience
with Data Recovery of damaged hard drives. Basic knowledge of Active Directory, Virtualization using Hyper-V

and VMWare. Skilled at Home and Office Networking mostly using Cisco and Ruckus Business and Enterprise
grade solutions.

Programming:
Skilled and Experienced in creating websites using HTML, XHTML, PHP and CSS. Creating MySQL database
driven websites with Administrative interfaces. Using various reference sites to gather information and
knowledge of best practices for optimizing the site for Search Engines, researching new SEO methods and
adjusting  for  best  results,  optimizing  PHP/OOP  and  MySQL  Databases  for  best  performance  and
expandability.
Programming Home Automation Systems using AMX, Savant, Control4. Creating various complex and user-
requested automation tasks for the House A/V systems. Integrating control of HVAC, Security, Lighting, Pool,
Audio/Video and more. Completed design and programming training for AMX, Savant and Control4.

Security:
Full knowledge of CCTV Systems (DVRs, Cameras, NVR's, IP Cameras, Planning and Installation), skills in
installing  covert  (hidden)  wired  and  wireless  CCTV  equipment.  Excessive  knowledge  of  Identification
Equipment
and supplies, including ID Card Printers, Proximity Cards, RFID Encoding, Visitor-Management, ID Design and
Database Software. Basic knowledge of programming Alarm and Access Control Systems.

E-Commerce:
Knowledgeable  and  skillful  in  creating  successful  Ad-Words  campaigns  and  development  of  SEO  friendly
sites.
Proper configuration of Data Feed file(s) for Google Merchant Center to optimize Ad-Words campaigns and
increase  CTR.  Created  and  designed  my  own  SEO  Optimized,  Fast,  Easy  To  Manage  and  Easy  to  Use
Shopping
Cart.

</sk>