<ba>
Zeyu Li

Bellevue, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zeyu-Li/809df2a19c41a410
<su>
Seeking a job in computer science especially in the areas of software development, web development. Ready
to use academic and work experience to contribute to the success of the organization.
Willing to relocate to: Seattle, WA
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
The Walt Disney Company  -  Seattle, WA - January 2017 to Present

Working as an Android developer to design the app for Disney annual pass renewal, upgrade and sale. 
· Implement data manager to manage data that other components can set and get data.
· Design data models to match the JSON format which is parsed from server.
· Deal with the communication between Android UI and data manager.
· Implement reusable fragments.
· Import ticket sales team’s library, provide data to it and navigate from our app to ticket sales
review/purchase and confirmation screen.
· Use Dagger2 for dependency injection and GitHub for source control management.

Android Developer
Zonar Systems  -  Seattle, WA - September 2016 to January 2017

Working as an Android developer to develop the app for Cummins Engine. 
· Worked with Product and UX team to improve the design flow.
· Implemented the communication between Zonar’s tablet and Zonar’s telematics control units V3 by Zonar’s
protocol TwoWayMessage.
· Implemented broadcast receiver and intent service to receive messages from V3.
· Implemented multithreading by using handler to update UI.
· Built a flexible UI by using custom container views.
· Used Event Bus to communicate between components like activities, fragments, and thread which can
make code simpler, decouple event senders and receivers.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Master of Computer Science in Computer Science
Illinois Institute of Technology  -  Chicago, IL
2013 to 2015

Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science
Xidian University
2009 to 2013
<sk>
SKILLS

Java (5 years), Android (2 years), PHP (4 years), Hadoop (2 years), Web Development (4 years)

