<ba>
Andrian Fernandopulle

Android Developer - Addteq Inc

Princeton, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Andrian-Fernandopulle/293246be87ea77df
<su>
Three years of experience in Software & Web Programming in Java and Android and PHP. 
Involved in the full Software Development Life Cycle from Requirements Gathering to Testing and familiar with
Agile software development methodologies as well. 
Experience with developing Android Apps for different API levels (API 9 GingerBread - API 20 KitKat ).
Expertise in developing application for Android Operating System using Eclipse IDE / Android Studio Java,
Android SDK and ADT plug-in.
Experience  in  working  with  Android  SMS  Manager,  Location  Manager,  Google  Maps  APIs  and  SQLite
Database
Experience in using SSLSocketFactory class for implementing SSL validations.
Developed  applications  utilizing  Third-Party  APIs  such  as  YouTube  and  Social  Networking  such  as
Instagram,Facebook and Imgur photo share.
Experience in using UI design tools such as Balsamiq and Protoshare to meet the requirements of projects
and show the results to client.
Self-motivated and excellent abilities to learn new programming language and other concepts quickly. 
Experience in debugging Android applications and fixing bugs in existing applications. 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Experience in using SQLite Database for mobile data management. 
Experience in using MYSQL Database for web data management. 
Good understanding and experience of interfacing to back-end systems using XML/JSON, REST API, OAUTH,
etc.. 
Experience in handling JSON responses from different web servers.
Experience in branching, pushing and merging codes with remote repository such as Git. 
Experience in Atlassian tools such as JIRA and Confluence to manage and keep track on progress of project.
Experience in using Atlassian-Stash to maintain software version control and peer-peer code review.
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Addteq Inc.  -  Princeton, NJ - February 2012 to Present

Addteq Inc, Princeton, NJ Feb 2012 to Present
Client : Sony Inc, herndon, VA Jan 2014 to Present
Title: Android Developer
Project Title: Stix Android Application
Versions of the app involved: 1.2-1.5
Project Description:
Stix Android Application allows user to monitor Atlassian Bamboo web service on Continuous Integration and
Release Management. The application enables user to stay in-touch with their server although they are away
from their computer. It allows to view stages, commits and plan summary, including important statistics and
graphical analysis of their projects. The user can also interact or share information with other developers and
colleagues and can also send a feedback or send crash reports. The application is compatible with different
versions of Atlassian Bamboo (4.0 - 5.4). It also provides the option to kick off or restart builds directly from
the application. 

Responsibilities:
Involved in the Requirement gathering phase and UI design phase using Balsamiq.
Designed the XML layout of List View and Expandable List View.
Designed XML layouts for both android mobile and tablets implementation of the app.
Used customized expandable list views to display data in a JSON response from an Atlassian Bamboo server.
Created customized AlertDialogs to display different messages to the user.
Involved in the XML layout designing for the main login screen of the app.
Used Shared Preferences to store and maintain user information. 
Worked with preserving sessions after user closes the applications, enabling user to stay signed in and stay
in Dashboard Activity.
Used Android Asynchronous Http Client library, a third-party library for server call and persistent cookie storage
Reading  JSON  response  from  an  Atlassian  Bamboo  server  and  assigning  those  values  to  different  data
structures such as ArrayLists and HashMaps
Utilized button style and edit text background, added background selector. 
Resolved the layout conflict issue when user clicks on the password text field.
Customized the droid config file to specify the api key and other necessary parameters for the app to connect
to JIRA.
Tested and debugged application.
Used ActionBarSherlock library for action bar customization for Android devices using API 10 to 15
Implemented SSL verification for the URL's entered by users. Used SSLSocketFactory to do these validations.

Client : Bluemountain Inc, New york, NY Sep 2013 - Jan 2014
Position: Android Developer
Project Title: Iris Android Application
Version of the app involved: 1.0
Project Description:
The Iris Android application provides user access to Iris website on their android phone. Iris allows employees
to  submit  their  weekly  time-sheet  and  expenses  and  feedback  from  colleagues.  Connection  between
application and website is established by Asynchronous HTTP connection. The mobile application manages
session whenever user logs in and allow submission of time-sheet and monthly payroll. In user-profile interface,
user are able to view and edit their profile information and upload time-sheet image using mobile camera or
Select from Photo Gallery, if it already stored. In contact interface, application allow user to search known
contacts, add new contact, email or call contact. The iris mobile application mimics the Website and display
activity feed in the Dashboard Activity in the android app. The activity feed allow to interact with the user posting
the status, either by liking or commenting the post.

Responsibilities:
Documenting client requirements on Atlassian Confluence and designing mock ups using Balsamiq.
Implemented XML layout designs for the main login screen. 
Implemented XML layouts for status updating in the main Dashboard of the application. 
Used AssyncHttpClient external library to make server requests to the IRIS web server. 
Used customized list views to display the user status messages and user comments for each status message.
Developed the functionality to attach files by accessing camera and selecting image from SD card storage.
Handled user session management with PersistentCookieStore .
Used Shared Preferences to store and maintain user information.
Implemented a SSL certificate validation using SSLSocketFactory class.
Used SQLite database to store several user and application information.
Implemented customized AlertDialogs to display different messages to the user.
Developed the functionality to upload files by sending encoded string from image files by POST method.

Used Atlassian JIRA for issue tracking and bug reporting through out the project period.
Used Chrome developer tools to monitor server and API calls for debugging purpose.

Client : University of the District of Columbia, Washington DC Jun 2013 to Sep 2013
Web Developer
Architect and developed web based Rainfall Analysis Tool using PHP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Designed database schema accessing 100K+ records.
Built the MySQL database using the schema design.
Implemented Stored Procedures using MYSQL/phpmyadmin.
Integrated Google maps API

Client : Alien Communications, Bethesda MD Jan 2013 to Jun 2013
Web Developer
Built  internationalization  for  Taiwan  Uniqlo  (large  retails)  website.  Including  compatibility  with  non-western
character sets using HTML and CSS.
Created SASS pre-processing style sheets.
Developed Rails CMS administrative interface using Active Admin gem.
Rails 3.2 experience.
Developed  social  strategy  for  corporate  facebook,  twitter,  google  plus.  Including  monitoring  reports  and
ongoing strategy document. 

Client : SmartNoter LLC, Falls Church VA Feb 2012 to Dec 2012
Software Developer
Worked as a Content Provider for native based mobile application
Assisting in the process of Project Management
Involved in designing user-interfaces for the mobile application
Performed web training on CMS system.

Android Developer
Individual Android App Development  -  Princeton, NJ - December 2011 to February 2012

Project Title: Individual Android App Development Dec 2011 to Feb 2012
Project Descriptions:
Daily Tasks Manager
Developed an application, which is used to manage the daily tasks.
Useful to maintain the list of to do tasks and completed tasks.
Provided options to set the deadline for the task and classify of tasks as Personal or Work.
Used SQLite database to persistently store and handle these details.

GPS Location Tracker
Application such as GPS Tracker devices working with SMS commands. When two application send each
other same pin number in certain format, the service is started. One application keeps sending SMS with user
location information from GPS so that the other application can keep track of user's location by getting location
messages every five minutes.
Used Location API, BroadcastReceiver, Services and SQLiteDatabase.
Get and send SMS by BroadcastReceiver.
Implemented one application just with service running in background who is sending user's location.
Implemented sending SMS every five minutes using Timer and Timer task.
Stored all the location from SMS to SQLiteDatabase.
Sending location as latitude and longitude using Location API(Location manager)

Call Monitor
An application which monitor call states and saves information to database.
Used Telephony API, SQLiteDatabase and Content Provider 
Implemented Content provider so the other application can use the database.
Distinguished different kind of calls and show images depends on the calls(Incoming, outgoing and missed
calls) by Telephony API

Imgur Image Uploder
An application that users can choose image from the gallery and Upload them to the Imgur web site.
Display image in an Image View after users choose the image from the gallery.
Upload the image to the Imgur website as an anonymous user.
Used Imgur API to get permissions to the server and make a post request
<ed>
EDUCATION

BS in Information Technology
University of the District of Columbia
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills:
• Programming Language: Java/JDK 1.6, Android SDK, PHP 5, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL, SQLite
• Operating System: Windows XP/Vista/7, UNIX, Linux(Ubuntu), Mac OS
• Tools: Eclipse IDE, NetBeans, Microsoft Visual Studio, Atlassian Tools(JIRA, Confluence, Stash, Bamboo),
Balsamiq, PHPmyadmin (XAMP), SQLyog, Cisco Packet Tracer
• Applications: Microsoft Office

