<ba>
Christopher Pound

Austin, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Christopher-Pound/61cba09046a8eb56
<su>
Willing to relocate to: Seattle, WA - Boston, MA - Washington, DC
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Volusion  -  Austin, TX - October 2014 to Present

Developed and designed the material update for the volusion application. This was a complete redesign and ui
update for the mobile application. It added the ability to create a new products, edit existing products and push
product changes to the user's online store.
● Added tablet support and design for the Volusion app. Implemented tablet functionality to the Volusion app.
Designed with material, the tablet version of the app has all the features of the mobile version with additional
support for multi-pane views.
● Created an Android widget for the Volusion mobile app that showed users up to date information on the
number of sales, revenue, and top products for the day, the last 7 days, and the last 90 days. A user would
be able to to change
what information was displayed and how often the widget was kept up to date.
● Created the Android Wear app for the Volusion platform that allowed users to gain quick insights into the
status of their store. When opening the app a user is able to view their stores current revenue, number of
orders, top selling
products and different order statuses for the day. Built as an extension to the current Volusion app users are
now
able to receive notifications about new orders and when a product's inventory is low right to their wrist.
● Built a configurable Shopper App powered by Mozu that is capable of being reskinned and configured for any
existing Mozu client. This app has the capabilities to search and filter through products, add products to cart,
checkout, manage user accounts and payments, and receive push notifications. Now, with most of the code
shareable between clients, creating a new app, with all of these features is now a matter of days and minimal
developer time.
●  Updated  and  maintained  the  Sales  Assist  Tablet  app  with  a  fresh  new  material  update  and  additional
features
including, creating orders, accepting payments, and fulfilling orders. This app offers all the functionality needed
for a
Mozu client to manage their store.

Android Developer
H-E-B Grocery - June 2013 to October 2014

Developed the user interface and integrated with a 3rd party mobile wallet technology to allow users to use their
devices for in-store payments and viewing purchase history.
● Implemented a custom Array Adapter to create a ListView that would have dynamic headers and lazy loading
for the customer's purchase history.
● Created mobile pharmacy user interface and server integration that allowed users to quickly and easily refill
prescriptions, check the status of a refill, transfer prescriptions, submit new prescriptions, see a history of
prescriptions, and sign up for automated refills.

● Implemented multiple Dex file loading to solve the project surpassing Android's method reference limit.
Nearing the end of the development, the application surpassed the Dalvik Compiler's 64k method limit. The
team solved this
issue by implementing proguard and multiple dex files.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Sam Houston State University  -  Huntsville, TX
December 2011
<ba>
LINKS

https://github.com/sirchip

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.volusion.merchant
<ca>
CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

Udacity Android Nanodegree
June 2015 to Present
For intermediate Java developers pursuing Android specialization, this program teaches the tools, principles,
and patterns that underlie all Android development. All projects required to complete this application can be
viewed on my github page.
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills

Languages: Java, JavaScript

Frameworks/Libraries: Android, Retrofit, Volley, RxJava, RxAndroid, Picasso, Butterknife
Other: Git/GitHub, Android Studio, GIMP

