<ba>
James Campbell

Android Developer

Fort Lauderdale, FL - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/James-Campbell/d02c4f363dda0edb
<su>
● Experienced Developer offers expertise in Mobile Application Development. Known as a resourceful
team player who excels in uncovering needs, providing solutions, and handling obstacles while
demonstrating the ability to successfully complete projects on time and within budget constraints.
Willing to relocate to: San Francisco Bay Area, CA
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Televisa Internacional  -  Miami, FL - 2016 to 2017

Blim / Blim TVx - As a member of the Android team, developed and maintained both mobile and TV apps for
the second-largest video-streaming service provider in Latin America. Blim, initially
seeded  by  Televisa  programming  content,  now  provides  the  most  popular  video  content  and  latest  movie
releases available to over 300K active monthly subscribers at a 99.8%
crash-free-session rate and has been downloaded from the Google Play Store more than
1-Million times.

Freelance Project
Cooper City, FL - 2015 to 2015

Android Development:
● Retail Catalog Kiosk - Implemented in brick-and-mortar kiosk devices purposed with serving as a catalog
for retail patrons. The application propagates product information by utilizing a set of
user-defined spreadsheet files which live on the physical device, allowing the retail proprietor with very limited
technical knowledge, to modify the product information as necessary.

Software Engineer
IC Realtime LLC  -  Pompano Beach, FL - 2013 to 2015

ICRealDealer - Developed an Android Dealer Tool for company dealers to assistant with their
project management. The app provides tools such as live video monitoring, lens calculators,
storage calculators, product catalog, and project tracking.
● ICRemote - Developed an Android based Remote Control application for proprietary hardware
using a proprietary SDK for networked control TCP commands and live video monitoring. The
app empowered the end user with remote control of their security surveillance system.
● ICResponse - Developed a Customer Resource Management (C# .Net) software suite which allowed the
Customer Support technicians to easily log and update client support tickets and
profile records. The CRM is integrated with the VOIP routing system, automating many critical
functions concerning call tracking statistics (Call time, First Call Resolution, etc) and stores all
records in a MySQL database.

Engineer Internship
RoboLabs Inc  -  Pompano Beach, FL - 2012 to 2012

Engineered a robotics motion control system for an embedded system utilizing an AVR
microcontroller.

● Engineered a capacitive touch robotics safety system to detect human interaction.
● Engineered a GPS guidance and tracking system for autonomous robotics.

Android Development Teaching Assistant
Florida Atlantic University  -  Boca Raton, FL - 2010 to 2011

WordHacker - Developed a simple Android game with the purpose of demonstrating the early
Android Bluetooth stack to students.
● Instructed FAU Engineering students and Partner Seminar attendees on Android application
development.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Computer Engineering in Android Application Development
Florida Atlantic University  -  Boca Raton, FL

Associate of Arts in Introductory Computer Programming
Broward College  -  Fort Lauderdale, FL

Chaminade Madonna High School  -  Hollywood, FL
<sk>
SKILLS

Android (6 years), Android SDK (Less than 1 year), Architecture (Less than 1 year), Debug (Less than 1
year), deployment (Less than 1 year)
<ba>
LINKS

http://sites.google.com/view/idevdroidapps
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
● Native Android Development, Java, XML
● RESTful Networking: Retrofit, OKHttp, GSON, JSON
● Butterknife, Calligraphy, Glide, Picasso
● Reactivex: RXJava, RXAndroid
● Material Design, Leanback Design
● Java Design Patterns, Android Design Patterns
● Android Studio
● Android Framework, Android SDK, Android TV Leanback
● Android Debug Bridge (ADB), JUnit Testing, Instrumented Testing (Espresso)
● Object Oriented Programming (OOP)
● Gradle configurations, Jenkins automated build and deployment
● Fabric Crashlytics
● Agile Development
● Mobile memory management
● GIT, GITHub, Atlassian Bitbucket, Jira, Confluence
● Asynchronous Processes
● Model-View-Presenter Architecture

