<ba>
Long Jiao

Android Developer - International Point of Sale LLC

Teaneck, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Long-Jiao/fcd59bda8034136d
<su>
➢ 3+ years' experience of Android Application, with Google Map API, TesttoSpeech API, Bluetooth Protocol,
Ormlite etc.
➢ Solid Understanding of development methodologies like Agile and Waterfall, experienced on Test Driven
Development.
➢  Experience  to  communicate  with  bluetooth  devices  such  as  barcode  scanner,  receipt  printer  and  pole
display.
➢ Experience of using database applications such as MySQL, PL/SQL, SQLite.
➢ Experience of communicating between Client and Web Services via HTTP request (REST and SOAP).
➢ Experience using Git and TFS as source code and version control systems.
➢ A good team player, problem solver and quick learner. Have strong analytical skills with proficiency in
debugging, problem solving.
➢ Self-starter, highly motivated, technically sound, training and mentoring skills in driving development teams
to
successful resolution.
➢ Strong analytical, communication, problem-solving, interpersonal, organizational and team monitoring skills.
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
International Point of Sale LLC - May 2013 to Present

Smart 360 POS: LINK ("Ctrl" + Left Click for visiting the link)
International Point of Sale brings customers the best in POS hardware and software, The project is building
up a POS
system working with Android Devices. As the only Android Developer, achieving functions such as loading
data from database, creating the User Interface, translating bar code into product, verify serial number of debit/
credit card, connecting
bluetooth devices such as scanner, printer and sending/getting data from web service etc

Responsibilities:
• Designed User Interface of POS system. Utilized nested Fragment while selecting a category of products, a
FragmentDialog as a container of ViewPager, and each page of ViewPager is also a fragment.
• Appended the Fragments into ViewPager, utilizing RadioButton as pager selector and override the Adapter
to create each page.
• Using AsyncTask for processing HTTP request, implement org.json and GSON to translate format between
JSON Object and JavaBean.
• Utilized Payment Gateway provided by Mercury. Sending a XML file as request for payment.
• Achieved Multi-Language by building different value folder such as values-en, values-fr, values-es
• Utilized front camera as a bar code scanner and implement Zxing API for translating the bar code. Creating
Barcode or QR Code then converts them to Bitmap for printing.
• Implement ESC/POS commands for printing Receipt and Barcode via Bluetooth/USB printer.
• Create tables for managing data and casting Java Bean into SQLite with ORMlite.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering
University of Wisconsin  -  Milwaukee, WI

Bachelor of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Zhengzhou University

