<ba>
Naiqing Zheng

Android Developer

Fairfield, IA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Naiqing-Zheng/3718b5228d6c3d38
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
BEIJING ZHONGCHUAN SHIYOU MEDIA & TECHNOLOGY, Beijing, China • 2016 - January 2016 to
August 2016

Mobile internet platform with video networking, and over 100 staff.

Android Developer
Redesigned live stream, web-cast, and playback pages, implementing coded functionality and animations with
increased accuracy. Developed update patches, integrated new components, and investigated and repaired
bugs, greatly improving application performance. Wrote technical specifications, documentation, and reports.

• Increased speed of development life cycle through scaling internal processes.
• Implemented video functionality, animations, social networks, and server-side integrations.
• Wrote clean code which is readable, efficient, well-tested, and maintainable.
• Technologies Used: Java, Android Studio, Windows

Android Developer
DEZHOU WANZHENG SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY  -  Dezhou, CN - 2015 to 2016

Dezhou, China • 2015-2016
Information technology company creating driving and teaching software; 100 employees.

Android Developer
Built complete software applications and core functionality, including modules for student management, lighting
orders, and marketing campaigns. Integrated APIs and existing modules, and added functionality including
video recording and uploading. Tested and debugged applications to improve performance, and wrote final
technical specifications and documentation.
641-919-7221 • naiqing.zheng@hotmail.com • https://www.linkedin.com/in/naiqing-zheng

• Maintained long-term Android connection through back-end socket manipulation.
• Ensured content met or exceeded project requirements.
• Technologies Used: Java, SQLite, GreenDao, Eclipse, SVN, Windows, Android

Android Developer
Dezhou, CN - 2013 to 2015

DEZHOU WITMOON SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, Dezhou, China • 2013-2015
Entrepreneurial software development company focusing on e-commerce and financial trading.

Android Developer

Gathered  and  analyzed  project  requirements,  and  created  plan  for  software  architecture  and  division  of
labor. Designed and developed core modules and components, as well as website. Performed testing and
troubleshooting, and optimized interfaces.

• Technologies Used: Java, Eclipse, Windows
<ed>
EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science
Maharishi University of Management  -  Fairfield, IA
June 2019

Bachelor of Science in Material Modeling & Control Engineering
QingDao University of Science & Technology  -  Qingdao, CN
2012

planning
MUM

management
MUM
<sk>
SKILLS

android development (4 years), Java (4 years)
<ba>
LINKS

https://www.linkedin.com/in/naiqing-zheng

