<ba>
Samuel Islas

Android Developer

Atlanta, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Samuel-Islas/af769a7cf7d01f01
<su>
◦ 5 years of experience in the IT field.
◦ Technology lover that naturally stays up-to-date on relevant new developments.
◦ Regularly provide constructive feedback to team members so they can continuously grow individually.
◦ Experience interacting with RESTful API and data formats like (JSON, XML).
◦ Experience with continuous integration tools like Jenkins or Travis CI and automated testing frameworks
such as Espresso.
◦ Knowledge of current literature of pattern recognition, clustering and implementations of machine learning.
◦  Experience  with  social  media  web  services,  libraries,  APIs  and  SDKs  such  as  Facebook,  YouTube,
Instagram, Google + and Twitter.
◦ 3 years of experience in all phases of application development working primarily on Web technology (Java,
PrimeFaces, JSF) as a Developer.
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
- October 2016 to April 2017

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.weather.Weather&hl=en

Responsibilities:
➢ Participate in software design, estimation of development tasks, testing, QA process, pair programming,
troubleshooting & code debugging.
➢ Liaise with Design / UX teams to adapt an iOS specification for Android.
Tech Work:
➢ Refactored the user cases on presentation layer following Uncle Bob 3-Tier Architecture design.
➢ Paired programmed on the Bouncy Castle Crypto package Java module implementation of cryptographic
algorithms.
➢ Used Butter Knife and Dagger 2 for views injection and loose coupling.
➢ Replaced volley library with reactive programming (RxJava) for asynchronous operations to parse JSON
data from API.
➢ Included Okio library to make it easier to access, store, and process data.
➢ Downloaded initial settings data using RESTFul WS and posting values to API server.
➢ Implemented TDD using Mockito and Espresso testing tools to test uses cases in business and abstract
layer of the architecture.
➢ Created Custom Views for Scrolling, Customised items, Customised label, Event listeners.
➢ Worked on new Android wear application using Node API and watch ViewStub UI.
➢ Followed Kanban and Scrum using Target process management software.

Android Developer
Map My Run  -  Austin, TX - January 2016 to September 2016

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mapmyrun.android2

Responsibilities:
➢ Work closely with the UX design team to iterate designs in to living presentation code.

➢ Wrote client-side code for mobile applications, create robust high-volume production applications.

Tech Work:
➢ Worked on OpenStreetMapView and Google Play Services for offline tile sources and overlay support. with
built-in overlays for plotting icons, tracking location and drawing shapes and record GPS-based workouts.
➢ Worked on the Beta release version of the app for Moto 360 Gen 2, Samsung wear to add athletic shoes
and start tracking mileage feature.
➢ Created a compound view to display balloon UI over marker icon and custom progress bar UI view Used
Leak Canary and memory monitor tools to locate and fix memory leaks and ANR.
➢ Worked on Android wear notifications, pages, wear layouts and syncing data in a list.
➢ Used RecyclerView, CardView and PullToRefresh to improve performance and user experience with Android
Marshmallow 6.0 and Lollipop 5.0 features.
➢ Incorporated MPAndroidChart chart view / graph view library, to support line- bar- pie- radar- bubble- and
candlestick charts as well as scaling, dragging and animations to show precise stats like pace, route, distance
and calorie burn.
➢ Worked on JUnit testing framework for testing network modules.
➢ Worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and bitbucket for code backup.
➢ Coordinated to work on special features like heart rate analysis, personal training plans, audio coaching,
and Live Tracking features within the app.
➢ Replaced activities with fragments, included MVP design patterns and clean up code.

Software Analyst
Softtek DF, México - September 2014 to December 2015

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sat&hl=en
Responsibilities:

➢ Mentor a junior developer.
➢ Participate in software design, estimation of development tasks, testing, QA process, pair programming,
troubleshooting & code debugging.
➢ Work in a fast paced cross-functional team in an agile environment with daily Scrum meetings.

Tech Work:
➢ Creation and implementation of a FATCA module to make a communication between SAT and IRS.
➢  New  development  of  "portal  para  el  cobro  de  las  declaración  en  el  SAT  (Formulario  JackBe-  Pago
referenciado) - SAT" and maintenance. This Project is working on app server WAS, with ANT, and SVN, on
IDE Eclipse.
➢ Reception, analysis and development activities to development of requirements
➢ Develop and integer different methods for the module FATCA, like ZIP, Encryption, Signed XML.
➢ Java technology change to JavaScript of "portal para el cobro de las declaración en el SAT (Formulario
JackBe- Pago referenciado) - SAT"
➢ Web development experience on back-end, maintenance of "FormularioJackBe Pagos Referenciados"
➢ Develop Rest calls to the SAT Mobil app for Android, using reactive programming (RxJava) for asynchronous
operations to parse JSON data from API.

Research Analyst
Connus DF, México - March 2013 to August 2013

Responsibilities:
➢ Deliver across the entire app life cycle concept, design, build, deploy and test.
➢ Work directly with developers and product managers to conceptualize, build and test products.

➢ Build prototypes at tech scoping stage of projects.
Tech Work:
➢ Implementation of virtualized ports SAIP system for cloud architecture.
➢ Integration modules SAIP system styles to standardize the appearance with Primefaces.
➢ Updating and maintenance of equipment in vShepere virtualized operating system.
➢ Web development experience, maintenance of virtual machines.
<ed>
EDUCATION

Master  of  Computer  Science  in  Laboratory  of  Neural  Networks  and  Unconventional
Computation
Computer Research Center  -  Mexico City, MX
2012 to 2014
<sk>
SKILLS

ANDROID (2 years), JAVA (1 year), ECLIPSE (1 year), JAVASCRIPT (1 year), XML (1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Java, JSF, JS, R, Matlab, XML/XSL, Primefaces, HTML 5, C and C++, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap,
AJAX, Eclipse, Android Studio, MySQL, Oracle11g, Glassfish, GitHub, Jenkins, Agile/SCRUM, TDD, Google
Maps, RESTful, Retrofit, Picasso, Glide, YouTube, Espresso, Robolectric, OpenStreetMap, Flurry Analytics,
Facebook  SDK,  Twitter,  Fragments,  JUNIT,  MVC,  MVP.  Tomcat,  WAS,  WebLogic,  UML,  Netbeans  IDE,
Wireshark, Photoshop.

