<ba>
Sicong Li

Developer, BLM-Shipping for Android

Seattle, WA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sicong-Li/884c0e0221bb6299
<su>
Sponsorship required to work in the US
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
BoLooMo International Technology Co., Ltd - September 2013 to May 2014

Developed  an  Android  application  toward  tracking  ships  all  over  the  world.  The  application  can  show  the
realtime
AIS signal of ships on the map. You can look up about 390,000 ships' information, 10,000 ports' information and
150,000 shipping companies' information in the application. It can show the ships' track and has the function to
manage your own fleet.

• Developed the network interface using the Apache MINA framework, designed the message object, solved
the problems of splitting packets and reassembling the split packets, encoded and decoded the data,
encapsulated all the network functions into public API.
• Requested the AIS data of ships from server, stored the data in the client using SQLite, showed the icon of
ships on the map and analyzed the previous data to show the track of ships.
• Requested the weather data from open source website, parsed the XML data using gson and showed the
data on the pop-up window.
• Developed the ship information module, port information module, searching module. Requested data from
client by json, put json string into packets using the network API, sent packets to server, got the packets from
server, parsed the packets into objects that we designed and showed the data on the windows.
•  Parsed  the  packets  into  SQL  language  in  the  server  end,  searched  the  data  by  SQL,  put  the  data  into
packages and sent packages back to client.

Developer
BoLooMo International Technology Co., Ltd - December 2012 to August 2013

Developed  a  customized  web  client  for  customer  to  manage  their  ships.  The  web  client  can  show  the
customer's
ships on the map. Customer can manage sailors, goods, supplies, repair events and so on both on ship and
on shore
via browser. The web client has multiple functions like estimating shipping rate, financial management,
assignments management by calendar, vessels management and so on.

• Used the Flex framework to develop the web client.
• Customized public components like buttons, pop-up windows, grids, pie charts, drop down boxes and so on.
• Designed the data structure to save, delete, add, change, search and show data according to the product
requirement documents on the web client.
• Designed the json structure to request data from sever on the basis of requirement. Parsed the json came
back from serve.
• Realized the functions of estimating shipping rate, financial management, vessels management, spare parts
management according to the product requirement documents.
GRADUATE COURSES

Algorithm for Modern Computer Systems, Distributed System, Information Retrieval, Algorithms Analysis and
Design,
Fundamentals of Programming Languages, Computer Vision and Image Processing, Multimedia Systems,
Selected
Topics in Crowd Sensing Systems, Data Mining, Detection and Estimation 1
<ed>
EDUCATION

Master's in Computer Science
University at Buffalo  -  Buffalo, NY
September 2015 to February 2017
<sk>
SKILLS

C++ (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year), LINUX (Less than 1 year), PYTHON (Less than 1 year),
UNIX (Less than 1 year), Android (Less than 1 year)

