<ba>
Tonghann Teng

Android Developer

Austin, TX - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tonghann-Teng/b140f9a836bce4cb
<su>
Proactive and dynamic IT professional in Android Development with 4 years of experience producing widely
used mobile apps that connect businesses with new customers. Demonstrated expertise across complete
software  development  lifecycle  (SDLC).  Exceptional  analytic,  technical  and  problem-solving  skills.  Proven
ability to work independently and collaborate effectively in teams. Track record of delivering world-class user
experiences. Established success in deploying Android applications to Google Play Store and achieving strong
ratings. Award-winning performances in academic and professional settings.
<ex>
Feature Application in Play Store
All Deal: All Deal let user discover great promotions in Cambodia such as favorite coffee shop, restaurant, spa
and massage, and other fun activities. Get the coupons with just a few click.
Play Store: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.abitech.AllDeal&hl=en
Chatime Cambodia: The easiest way to find a Chatime outlet, collect points, promotion, outlet locators and get
in touch with social media channel Facebook, Instagram and YouTube to explore daily activities from Chatime.
Play Store: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.khsoftengineer.chatime&hl=en
<sk>
Technical Skills:
Language: Java, C++
Third Party Library: RxJava, Retrofit, OkHttp, Gson, ButterKnife, Picasso, Volley, Glide
Design  Patterns:  Singleton,  Adapter,  Factory  Method,  Iterator,  Dependency  Injection,  Builder,  Strategy,
Façade, Template, MVP
Algorithms / Data Structures: Big O, Sort, Search, Linked List, Stack, Queue
Android Technologies: GCM, Android Firebase, Push Notifications, Google AdMob
Web Technologies: RESTful Web Services, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Application Servers: Glassfish, Tomcat
Databases: MySQL, SQLite, Realm, MongoDB
IDE / Utilities: Android Studio, Eclipse, ADT, IntelliJ IDEA, Xcode, MS Visual Studio, Sublime
Operation Systems: Windows Server, Linux, MacOS
Application Servers: Glassfish, Tomcat
Source Control Tools: Git, SourceTree
Methodologies: Agile-Scrum
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
ABI-TECHNOLOGIES  -  Phnom Penh - January 2015 to January 2016

Information technology and consulting company with expert team of iOS and Android SDK developers
Role: Android Developer Responsibilities:
• Refactoring application (implemented Dagger 2, Rx, Database, MVP).
• Managed database persistence, caching and memory management functionality.
• Developed the user interface (Gallery, Gridview, Listview, Tabwiget, and Webview), category searching.
• Working on user authentication and authorization management for whole application lifecycle.

• Developed update patches, modules and components to mitigate security risks.

• Wrote technical specifications and maintained all reports pertaining to application development process.
• Worked in debugging the application using Logcat.
•  Wrote  unit  tests  and  debugged  critical  problem  application  issues  such  as  crashed,  memory  leak,
concurrency
problems, and improve the performance of application.
• Tested the application on multiple Android devices and fixed the issues.
Key Achievements:
• Embedded Google Maps API, GPS Location into app with zooming controls.
• Implemented Realm database and SharedPreferences in application data management.
• Integrated location based services using Google Maps API to display locations of the nearest stores.
• Implemented OkHttps to increase the app performance during consuming the RESTful web service.
Major Project:
• Produced Cambodian news aggregation app called “Mekong” for both Android and iOS. Deployed to Google
Play
Store: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.abitech.mekongjournal
• Engineered “All Deal” app enabling businesses in Phnom Penh to boost in-store traffic by offering exclusive,
easy-to-
use mobile discount coupons. Deployed to Google Play Store and generated 5-star rating:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.abitech.AllDeal
Technical Environment: Java, Retrofit, Realm, Google Maps, Facebook SDK, Android Studio, GitHub, Design
Patterns: Singleton, Template Method, Factory, Adapter, MVP

Android
ISSARAH  -  Bangkok, TH - April 2014 to January 2015

International business marketing and design company with strong presence in digital sphere
April 2014 – January 2015
Role: Android Developer Responsibilities:
• Conceptualized, designed, developed and deployed mobile applications.
• Mastered technical complexities of mobile application development lifecycle.
• Used RESTful Web Services with JSON to parse the data.
• Fixed bugs and improved application performance.
• Collaborated with fellow team members on integration and unit testing of the application.
• Used Agile (SCRUM) methodology for Software Development.
• Published the application to Play Store and published updates after every sprint release.
Key Achievements:
• Contributed to development and maintenance of one of the most popular mobile apps in Thailand.
• Implemented Facebook/ Google SDK to sign in to the app.
• Integrated Push Notifications with (GCM) Google Cloud Messaging.
Major Project:
• Enhanced visibility and ratings of “CLIPCARD” app by targeting Thai users in Google Play Store deployment:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.clipcard.android&hl=th
Technical Environment: Java, Google Maps, Volley, JSON, Gson, FileZilla, MS Visual Studio, Git (Bitbucket /
Source Tree, Design Patterns: Singleton, Factory, Template Method, Façade

Android Developer
AROY INNOVATION  -  Phnom Penh - May 2012 to April 2014

US company specialized in mobile app development with 3 branch offices in USA, Cambodia and Hong Kong

Role: Android Developer Responsibilities:
• Developed and maintained mobile applications for Android devices.
• Worked with marketing and key executives to develop two cutting edge applications, which mobilized routine
banking functions and enticed new customers, without jeopardizing data privacy or security.
•  Established  a  formal  review  process  to  assess  the  viability,  development  and  ROI  of  each  project  and
presented those
that offered the best return to the CIO. Employed proven methodologies and testing techniques.
• Developed update patches, modules and components to mitigate security risks.
• Researched application acceptance and solicited feedback from users to boost adoption rates.
• Implement new feature and maintenance the application to make it compatible with variety of Android OS.
• Communicated effectively with stakeholders to manage expectations.
Key Achievements:
• Gained commendations from the project manager for developing and testing fully functional features.
• Delivered a fully functional Android application platform.
• Optimized query run time for reporting by using MySQL to write store procedure.
Technical Environment: Java, Android SDK, REST Web service, SQLite, HTML, Bootstrap, GitHub
<ed>
EDUCATION

Master's in Computer Science
Maharishi University of Management  -  Fairfield, IA
January 2016 to December 2018

Bachelor's in Computer Science
Mahasarakham University  -  Mahasarakham
2011 to 2013
<sk>
SKILLS

Android (4 years), Algorithms (3 years), Java (3 years), C++ (1 year), SQLite (1 year), Glassfish (1 year),
JSON (2 years), RESTful Web Services, (2 years), Agile-Scrum (2 years), Design Patterns (1 year), Data
Structures (3 years), Third Party Library (3 years), Volley (2 years), Realm (1 year), Google Maps (2 years),
Glide (1 year), Picasso (1 year), ButterKnife (1 year), Retrofit (1 year), OkHttp (1 year)
<ba>
LINKS

https://github.com/tonghannteng

https://www.linkedin.com/in/tonghannteng
<ca>
AWARDS

Full Scholarship to Attend Mahasarakham University, Royal Patronage of HRH Princess
Sirindorn

Special  Prize  for  Fastest  Solution,  ACM-ICPC  Thailand  Northeastern  Programming
Contest
2013

1st Place Team, ACM-ICPC Thailand Programming Contest, Mahasarakham University,
2013
2013

Member of Google Code Jam Thailand
2012

Member of Asia-Pacific Mathematics Olympiad
2009

Cambodian  Student  Mathematics  Representative,  6th  Nanfang  Cup  International
Mathematics Competition
2009

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

Software Development Fundamentals (Microsoft Certificate)

Database Administration Fundamentals (Microsoft Certificate)

Object Oriented Programming in Java (Coursera Online Course)

Algorithmic Toolbox (Coursera Online Course)

