<ba>
Vijayanand Hongal

Morganville, NJ - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vijayanand-Hongal/a68d2b0adb2ee793
<su>
I am an experienced Mobile Application developer, with total 10+ years of experience, having developed mobile
applications for Android, Symbian mobile platform for 6+ years and also worked on developing mission critical
real time application for missile tracking and controller for AKASH Surface to Air Missile (SAM) system.
•  Experience  with  Android  APIs:  Services,  Push  Notifications,  In-App  Purchases,  WebView  /  UIWebView,
HTTP protocols, SQLITE3, Content Providers and Code Obfuscation
• Experience with Web Languages: JavaScript, HTML
• Understanding of how to implement concurrent and parallel programming on Android
• Experience with Agile Development Methodologies & worked as scrum master
• Excellent understanding of Application Life Cycles in Android
• Understanding and Experience with Build and Deployment Processes for Android Apps
• Self-motivated and a good team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills
• Experience with SCM tools Git, Gerrit and SVN
• Demonstrating and leading distribution of tasks and implementation of designs among colleagues to distribute
and integrate work accordingly
• Work with management to talk through design plans, distribution of work, and time schedules, especially
when new technologies arrive that the company wants to implement
• Mentored junior team members
Technical Skill
Frame Works Android SDK
Operating Systems Windows, LINUX, Lynx RTOS
Databases SQL Server, SQLITE
Native Languages C, C++, C#, Java
Mark-up Languages HTML, CSS/CSS3
Web Languages JavasScript
Development IDE's Eclipse/Android Studio, Visual Studio
Project Methodologies Agile/Scrum
Hardware Platforms (Debugging) Android Emulator
Willing to relocate
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Android Developer
Verizon Wireless, NJ, USA - March 2015 to Present

Environment: Android, Eclipse, C/C++, NDK
Description:
Monitor  device  modem  parameters  for  operator  certifications  of  android  devices.  The  device  parameters
measured and logged in binary file format for processing offline. Many parameters are continuously presented
in graph to user in real time.
Responsibilities:
• Added new features of uploading logged files using FTP.

• Designed & Implemented multiple fragments to present different screens showcasing graphs of measured
parameters like RSRP, RSRQ, Throughput, SINR, Uplink & Downlink data rates

• Implemented service to log measured parameters

• Fix issues with modem parameter capturing and processing native library

• Maintaining the existing native library

• Improving performance & fixing issues in existing application

• Optimized the application code and improved running performance

Android Developer
Accenture - May 2014 to February 2015

Environment: Android, Eclipse, Hybris Suite
Hardware: Estimate Beacons
Description:
Adding new features namely Beacons, QR Code scanner to existing Hybris Android Application part of Hybris
Commerce Suite. Developed the Beacons feature which informs the customer about physical store information
like entry into/exit out of the store, the deal of the day when customer is nearby particular department in the
store. Added QR Code feature to process the QR code of product extending the bar code scanner feature in
application using open source ZXing library.
Responsibilities:
• Involved with the business analysts to collect the requirements of the project to enhance end user experience
in-store.

• Worked in an agile based environment.

• Coordinated with web services team to implement the backend support.

• Updated UI screens for the application.

• Implemented background services to track estimate beacons of the store

• Created notifications for entering/exiting regions marked for stores main gate, different departments

• Integrated ZXing library for processing QR Code of products

• Consumed web services & gave customer information to Customer Support Representative (CSR) using
device id's and shared preferences.

• Mentored team using git.

Android Developer
Accenture. UK - August 2013 to April 2014

Environment: Android, Eclipse
Description: Requirement was to port an existing iPad application to Android tablet for a client. We were asked
to look at the application available in the iOS market place and design and develop an android application for
Android tablet with similar functionality and look and feel. It is a banking application for home loans. I developed
some critical modules of the application for the intuitive usage like Pie chart, Complex list view, Local Sqlite
database, Webservices (JSON)

Responsibilities:
• Involved in the full life cycle of this project including planning, design, development, testing.

• Collaborated with web services team to implement the backend support.

• Created UI screens for the application.

• Implement JSON to parse and read the data

• Prepared test cases for testing the application.

• Performed Unit testing on the various functions to ensure that the output is as expected.

• Setup git repository for team and helped team members to use git by demo sessions on using git.

Android Developer
Accenture, UK - April 2013 to July 2013

Environment: Android, Eclipse
Description:
Objective of the project is to enhance the current android application with new UI, extra features, making it a
single application for both tablets and phone which, works in a seamless way across the different channels
(e-commerce, m-commerce, android, iPhone). Developing critical modules of the application like Reusable
Fragments, Web Service integration and parsing data.

Responsibilities:
• Collaborated with web services team to implement the backend support.

• Created & Updated UI screens for the application.

• Implement JSON to parse and read the data.

• Implemented data structures in the application.

• Prepared test cases for testing the application.

• Performed Unit testing on the various modules/functions to ensure that the output is as expected.

• Worked on making the app support different screen sizes and configuration.
• Worked in an agile based environment

Android Developer
Accenture. UK - September 2012 to March 2013

Environment: Android, Eclipse
Description:
Objective of the application is to provide updates of the 2013 6Nations tournament to the game lovers in an
interesting and engaging manner. Accenture is the official technology partner for the championship. Application
will continue to work for future tournaments as well. It delivers the latest news, score updates, live commentary,
squad information, preview and lineups, match report, gallery, points, news widgets, push notifications etc.

It shows the pre-match, live and post-match information of all the championship matches. I developed few
important modules of the application like Player profile carousel view, twitter integration, and customizing for
different screen size android devices.

Responsibilities:
• Collaborated with web services team to implement the backend support.

• Created UI screens for the application based on wireframe documents.

• Created carousel view for player profiles

• Implement JSON to parse and read the data

• Prepared test cases for testing the application.

• Worked on making the app support different screen sizes and configuration.
• Implemented background services to update scores, results & as it happened(live commentary)

• Created complex list view with player profile links to give easy reference of players

• Integrated twitter to get feeds of the tournament

• Mentored team to use git. Integrated team members code before to release.

• Worked in an agile based environment

Android Developer
Nokia India  -  Star, ID - January 2012 to August 2012

Environment: Nokia Series 30, C, C++
Achievement: Individual Shining Star - Stellar Award
Description:
Nokia  Life  application  is  a  SMS  based  advice  service  provider  for  all  the  information  (Education,  Health,
Agriculture, Entertainment etc.) much like internet for the low cost basic phones. Subscribed service's advice
information is sent to user device from server and presented to the user in localized and friendly manner as
per the user preferences. The resource constraint on low end devices is the major challenge and I developed
a feature to reduce the overall application's memory foot print. The result is of this optimization allows extra
game to be included in the available memoryofbasicNokiaDevice.
Responsibilities:
• Worked in an agile based environment.
• Collaborated with server team to implement the backend support.

• Mentored team to use git & gerrrit.

• Implemented overlay drawing of icons to give notification type look & feel and reduced the usage of resource
by 25%. Awarded Individual shining star - stellar award.

• Fixed issues reported by testing teams & maintained the application.

Android Developer
Nokia India  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - July 2010 to December 2011

Environment: Symbian C++ 9.5/Anna, Qt, C++
Description:
Applications demonstrate use of the Symbian/Qt APIs exported for third party developers as part of Public SDK
releases. The Symbian SDKs contain all the Symbian OS components library and supporting documentation
explaining  the  component,  and  also  ready  to  use  application's  source  codes.  Some  of  the  applications
developed are:
• Face Recognition Application.
• Sharing of Business card, Photos using NFC framework.

• Carousal Photo viewer.

• Read/Write files using Posix signals part of PIPS.

• Camera Application.

• Memory constraints, Semaphores, file server based application.
Responsibilities:
• Worked in an agile based environment & worked as scrum master.
• Implemented the new applications as example applications to use with the Symbian library.

• Collaborated with different technology teams to plan & release of libraries and tested the library using beta
release

• New applications used the technology team specific library before final release and reported issues found
to technology team

• Reviewed application created by new team members

• Planned the iteration for team with user stories and tracked day to day activities of team

• Created sprint reports and resolved issues of team members to finish the task on time.

Android Developer
Nokia India  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - January 2009 to June 2010

Environment: Orbit, Symbian C++ for Symbian 10.x, C++, C
Achievement: 2 PAVE Awards
Role: Planning, Designing, Developing and Testing and Maintaining, and leading the team.
Description:
The  Applications  developed  use  Orbit  APIs  (wrappers  for  the  Symbian  APIs)  planned  for  the  third  party
developers.  The  SDKs  contain  all  the  Symbian  OS  components  library  and  supporting  documentation
explaining the component, and also ready to use application using the latest Orbit APIs. Application's source
code developed for SDK, allows developers learn about new APIs, and quickly develop new applications for
the Symbian Smart phones.

Android Developer
Nokia India  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - February 2008 to December 2008

Environment: Symbian C++ for Symbian 9.X, C++, C
Role: Planning, Designing, Developing and Testing and Maintaining, and leading the team.
Description:

Developer documentation has the user guides and technology guides for various components of Symbian OS.
The applications demonstrated use the Symbian APIs exported for third party developers as part of Public
SDK releases. The Symbian OS public SDKs contain all the Symbian OS components library and supporting
documentation  explaining  the  component,  and  also  ready  to  use  example  source  code.  Developers  learn
developing application for the Symbian OS based phones using Symbian C++ using ready to try application's
source codes.

Android Developer
Nokia India  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - October 2007 to January 2008

Bangalore
<ed>
EDUCATION

Master of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering
National Institute of Technology
2004

Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science & Engineering
SDM College of Engineering
2001
<pr>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technologies: Perl
Team: Product Creation Tool (PCT)
Role: Developing and Testing
Description:
The binary compatibility analysis tool will check two releases of software components of Symbian OS, and
report if there is any break, which is required to maintain the software components, so that the third party
application work properly. The script extracts the library symbols and its ordinals, and report if any change
appears when compared with new releases of the library.

OpenVPN LoadTest Software July 2006 - Sept 2007
Client: OOMA, US
Employer: Wipro Technologies, Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore
Environment: C, Posix Threads, OpenVPN software, Linux
Role: requirement gathering, designing, developing software & system testing
Description:
Open VPN loadtest software application is designed to load Open VPN software and asses its capabilities
in terms of client connections. Measure the performance of the client connections with respect to stability,
loss of packets over communication channel, latency per client when load on server is high and band width
for the clients. The Open VPN tunnel allows secure connection between clients and server using SSL. The
requirement was to analyze Open VPN software, design application to load the Open VPN server with as much
clients as possible from single machine till system can't handle and measure the client-server communication
performance parameters like latency, throughput and packet loss.

Multi Sensor data Fusion software for AKASH SAM System. Jan 2005 - Jun 2006
Employer: DRDO , Bangalore
Environment: Lynx RTOS, C & VME Backplane Communication

Role: Developer and integration with other sub systems
Description:
Multi Sensor data fusion software is the master software on the Battery Command Center (BCC) controlling
the AKASH Surface to Air Missiles, where in the information given to commander sitting at the console, should
be able to see and take decision based on the real time threats of the targets. The target reports are coming
from two sensors viz. Battery Level Radar (BLR- Fire control radar) and Battery Surveillance Radar (BSR)
which need to be fused and presented to commander as one target in consolidated complete air picture. The
fusion process is combination of correlation and association process. The data seen at BCC should also be
sent to a master GCC using serial communication in real time.

Group Command Center (GCC) simulator for BCC. Sept 2004 - Jan 2005
Employer: DRDO , Bangalore
Environment: C, C++, Window XP
Role Designer, Developer and integration with the system.
Description:
BCC is single system with fire control radar of some Km range and some degree in azimuth coverage. The
GCC takes four to eight such BCC's and give a more complete and better air picture over a wider area. Thus
integration & testing with such system for proper development of BCC MSF software is needed. So, simulator
is needed for real time communication with BCC to show the correctness of BCC software by both online
display and offline-logged data after extraction and analysis. A simulator was developed which runs two parallel
threads for input and output. Queues were maintained maintaining I/P and O/P buffers. The communication
incorporates full handshake through serial ports.

