Abby T. Miller
People managing & process tweaking

Experience
Community Growth Team Lead  at   Stack Overflow
July 2011  -  Present (5 years 1 month)

Community Growth Operations Manager (April 2015 - present)
I lead a small team that maintains and streamlines Community Growth team processes, and support
 Community Managers as a pluralistic-style manager. And I'm still a part-time podcast producer.

Senior Community Growth Specialist (September 2012 - April 2015)
That title is just a fancy attempt to describe being a jack of all trades on the Community Growth team. I
 functioned as a part-time community manager, a part-time hiring coordinator, and a part-time operations
 manager. And a part-time podcast producer.

Community Development Team Lead (July 2011 - September 2012)
(This was the organization formerly known as CHAOS.) I observed and advised a team that oversaw special
 projects and community events with the goal of strengthening and growing individual sites within the Stack
 Exchange network. Provided operational support ("servant leadership") and reported progress to the Chief of
 Staff.

Administrative and Research Assistant  at   Miller Black Associates
June 2010  -  July 2011  (1 year 2 months)

Research and administrative support for retained executive search and coaching firm founded by Joanna
 Miller. Services include retained search, unbundled search services such as research, pre-search market
 studies, screening, assessment, reference checking and talent pipeline. Performance, transition, career, new-
in-role and on-boarding coaching.

Stage Manager  at   Northwestern University Summer Music Theatre Festival
May 2007  -  August 2009  (2 years 4 months)

Stage managed three summers' worth of Dominography. Facilitated communication between actors, directors,
 administrators, and creative team members. Coordinated artistic rehearsals, technical rehearsals, and
 performances, merging all technical and artistic aspects of production while ensuring that the team kept to an
 intricate schedule.

Student-Organized Seminar Co-Coordinator/Lecturer  at   Northwestern University Department of
Theatre
June 2008  -  December 2008  (7 months)

Page1

Organized a semester-long seminar on technical theatre with Garen Checkley during our junior year.
 Structured the curriculum and syllabus, scheduled weekly guest lecturers, and taught lessons. Developed and
 administered two final exams, one written and one based on practical skills.

Languages
French
Italian
Education
Northwestern University
Bachelor of Arts, Theatre Management, 2006 - 2010
Kent School
2002 - 2006

(Limited working proficiency)
(Elementary proficiency)

Page2

Abby T. Miller
People managing & process tweaking

1 person has recommended Abby T.
"Abby T. Miller is not only extremely talented at juggling multiple challenging tasks at once, she is also a
pleasure to work with. Abby is unique in her ability to merge detail-orientation with a big-picture thought
process, making her an strong asset to any organization she is involved with."
— Garen Checkley, worked directly with Abby T. at Northwestern University Department of Theatre

Contact Abby T. on LinkedIn

Page3

