Erin Pellegrino
Tod Williams Billie Tsien Architects

Summary

Erin Pellegrino is currently a designer at Tod Williams Billie Tsien Architects, a graduate of the Harvard
 Graduate School of Design and Cornell University's College of Architecture, Art and Planning.

She was awarded a Design Honor Award by the American Institute of Architects, New England for the Alpine
 Shelter project in Slovenia. She was also awarded the Paul M. Heffernan Travel Fellowship, to travel and build
 the project shelter in the Julian Alps. She has participated in lectures at IUAV in Venice, Italy, the Harvard
 Graduate School of Design, UVA in Charlottesville, Virginia, and at the Anchorage Museum in Alaska.

Described by her professors as a “maker and a thinker with a strong emotive dimension to her work”, Erin
 Pellegrino is interested in the human qualities of architecture. She graduated from Cornell University’s
 Bachelor of Architecture in 2014 where her design excellence was recognized with the Charles Goodwin Sands
 Memorial Medal for her thesis on architecture and perfume.

MiniCity Detroit was awarded first prize in Redesigning Detroit, a competition for the redesign of a vacant city
 block in Detroit, Michigan. In spring 2013, she was nominated to represent Cornell University’s Bachelor of
 Architecture program for the AIANYS student work competition. She has also been awarded both the Seipp
 Prize and York Prize, also from Cornell University. 

Erin has worked for a range of firms and institutions, as an intern at FXFOWLE, a Studio Coach at NuVu
 Studio in Cambridge, as a Teaching Associate at Cornell University, and both the Cornell University and
 Harvard University fabrication shops. 

In the summer of 2011, Erin traveled to South Africa as a part of a Design + Build team to construct an early
 education crèche in Johannesburg. Other projects include a collaboration with Jake Rudin on a renovation of a
 Richard Meier home in Ithaca, NY, which was awarded a Historic Ithaca Preservation Award.

Education
Harvard University Graduate School of Design
Masters of Architecture, Architecture, 2014 - 2016
Cornell University
Bachelors of Architecture, Architecture, Furniture Design, 2009 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Cornell University Sustainable Design, Association Vol. 6, Senior Class Campaign

Page1

Experience
Designer  at   Tod Williams Billie Tsien Architects
June 2016  -  Present (2 months)

Design Coach  at   NuVu
June 2015  -  May 2016  (1 year)

Teaching Associate  at   Harvard GSD
2014  -  May 2016  (2 years)

Teaching Associate  at   Cornell University
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

Exhibition Designer  at   Cornell University
August 2012  -  June 2014  (1 year 11 months)

Teaching Associate  at   Cornell University AAP Shops + Facilities
January 2010  -  April 2014  (4 years 4 months)

I supervise and instruct methods and techniques in a wood, metal, and digital fabrication facility. Knowledge
 in safety, first aid, carpentry, metalworking, and operation of a CNC mill and laser cutters.

Intern  at   FXFOWLE
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

Intern  at   Cubellis
September 2008  -  January 2009  (5 months)

I worked on a non-profit project for the design of a sustainable house in the Pinelands on a beaver
 reservation.

Languages
English
Italian

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Elementary proficiency)

Interests
Snowboarding, cycling, boxing, graphic design, cooking, cars, furniture, and travel.

Volunteer Experience
Media and Marketing Designer  at   Art For Change
May 2012  -  August 2012

Page2

I filmed and crafted video and marketing materials for Art For Change in Harlem, NYC. Art for Change
 (AfC) is a 501(c)3 organization that encourages the advancement of progressive social change by using
 art as a catalyst for disseminating information to people. They provide space to discuss and explore that
 information, stimulating individual and collective reflection, which leads to action and change.

Page3

Erin Pellegrino
Tod Williams Billie Tsien Architects

Contact Erin on LinkedIn

Page4

