Ian Lee
Product Marketing, Carbon Black

Summary

Currently, helping save the world from cyberthreats at Carbon Black, through new and innovative partnerships,
 while studying to design, engineer and build great products from the best at Carnegie Mellon. 

Skills and interests include product development, UX design, competitive strategy, strategic alliances, venture
 finance, marketing,and anything SAAB. 

Experience
Product Marketing Manager  at   Carbon Black
May 2014  -  Present (2 years 3 months)

Carbon Black leads a new era of endpoint security by enabling organizations to disrupt advanced attacks,
 deploy the best prevention, and leverage the expertise of 10,000 professionals to shift the balance of power
 away from the attacker. Based in Waltham, MA, Carbon Black is trusted by more than 2,000 organizations
 worldwide and backed by leading venture capital firms including Atlas/Accomplice, Sequoia, .406 Ventures,
 Highland Capital and KPCB. 

Market Segment Manager  at   IBM
June 2012  -  May 2014  (2 years)

Managed global marketing strategy and market management for IBM zEnterprise Cloud & Linux  solutions
 (Enterprise Linux Server (now LinuxOne), Linux on System z, z/VM, IBM Wave). In this role, I managed
 distribution partner relationships(SUSE/Red Hat), engaged analysts (IDC/Solitaire/Edison/RFG/Ovum),
 agencies (O&M/Centerline/Somnio/GPJ), and the broader IBM team to drive business, increase awareness,
 and spur adoption of cloud, Linux & virtualization technologies on System z. 

6/12-7/13:Managed global competitive marketing strategy, as part of STG Competitive Marketing Team, for
 IBM’s zEnterprise hardware systems and aid execution of campaigns across IBM’s 21 geographic marketing
 teams with focus on Japan, China, Brazil, US & EU.

Editorial Board Member  at   The Daily Tar Heel
June 2011  -  May 2012  (1 year)

The Daily Tar Heel Editorial Board crafts the editorial voice of this college daily with a daily readership of
 30,000+. Responsibilities include authoring over 100 pieces for publication and contributing in editorial
 decisions.

Market Segment Manager-Intern  at   IBM

Page1

June 2011  -  December 2011  (7 months)

Working with Worldwide Marketing Team to improve SystemZ and Smarter Computing digital marketing
 web offerings (search optimization, web-conversations, social media) to further marketing pipeline
 contribution.

Student Body Secretary  at   University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
April 2010  -  April 2011  (1 year 1 month)

Oversaw all publicity and marketing operations of Student Government and served as chief contact to
 students. In this position, I created a student run video production team, led an overhaul of our social media
 offerings, and worked closely with media outlets at the local (Daily Tar Heel), regional (News & Observer),
 and national level (NYTimes, WSJ) to cover student concerns.

E-MBA Marketing Intern  at   Kenan-Flagler Business School
April 2010  -  March 2011  (1 year)

My work for the EMBA program at Kenan-Flagler with a focus on improving and expanding their social
 media marketing presence and in-house analytical processes.

Project Intern  at   NeoNova Network Services
May 2008  -  August 2008  (4 months)

As a project intern, I was focused on an extensive market research project into the rural telecommunications
 space across the United State. The key areas of focus for this project were market potential, market size, and
 local competition.

Honors and Awards
IBM Eminence and Excellence Award
December 2013

Certifications
PADI Advanced Open Water Scuba Diving Certified
       October 2011

Projects
Embrace Carolina: An introduction to Student Government
November 2010 to November 2010
Members:Ian Lee, Ian Wallace, Beth Lawrence, Alex Joiner, Olivia Ramirez, Edmund Poliks, Chris Uy

On this video I worked as a producer, interviewer and editor.

Video Description: The Executive Branch of Student Government serves as the chief student representative
 to the University administration but we are so much more than that. This video highlights just a few of the

Page2

 exciting opportunities that are available to students and some of initiatives we are taking to improve the lives
 of students. Go to unc.edu/studgov for more information.

Organizations
Carolina Creates
Founder/Vice-President
February 2011 to Present

Student Organization at UNC-CH focused on highlighting artistic and creative talent on campus through 4
 initiatives; music, visual art, literature, and global initiative. Helped raise over $100,000 in private donations
 to endow and support the program from individuals and corporate foundations. 

To this end, the group has organized two annual sold-out TEDxUNC conference featuring 20+ world
 renowned speakers and 12 artistic performances, several large concert series, and a literary competition in
 partnership with LuLu.com.

Carolina Creates is the student arm of the $125 Million Innovate@Carolina initiative led by Judith Cone and
 UNC Chancellor Holden Thorp. Visit www.carolinacreates.com to learn more.

UNC Class of 2012
Vice President
September 2009 to May 2012
Chancellor's Innovation Circle
Vice-Chair
February 2011 to May 2012

Served as Vice-Chair of the Chancellor's Student Innovation Team the student arm of the $125 million
 Innovate@Carolina campaign. Served as the student representative to the Chancellor's Innovation Circle.  

Skills & Expertise
Social Media Marketing
Digital Marketing
Leadership
Competitive Analysis
Product Marketing
Market Research
Project Management
Marketing Strategy
Entrepreneurship
Strategic Partnerships

Education
Carnegie Mellon University
Master’s Degree, Integrated Product Development, 2015 - 2017

Page3

Activities and Societies:  Industrial Design Society of America, Disney Imagineering Contest, Impact-A-thon
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan-Flagler Business School
BSBA, Entrepreneurship, Political Science, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  The Honors Program, Daily Tar Heel, Institute for Practical Politics, Executive Branch
 of Student Government, Association of Student Governments, CUAB, Chancellor's Student Innovation Team,
 Carolina Creates, Carolina Union Board of Directors
Smartly
Smartly

Interests
Technology, Design, Government Services, Media Relations, Sailing, Reading, and Music.

Page4

Ian Lee
Product Marketing, Carbon Black

10 people have recommended Ian

"Ian is one of the the most innovative and creative marketers I have worked with, he is always looking for
ways to innovate and over deliver. He is well versed in all the modern tools required to be a tier 1 marketer
and can use them to best effect. When Ian left IBM a black cloud descended over our marketing efforts..."

— Steven Dickens, Cloud - Offering Manager, IBM, managed Ian indirectly at IBM

"After serving as student body secretary his junior year, Ian Lee passed through the revolving door to The
Daily Tar Heel, where he quickly proved himself an invaluable member of the editorial board. Ian quickly
emerged as one of the board's most reliable members, and his clear, compelling writing style produced some
of the year's most persuasive editorials. He proved a font of knowledge on all things UNC, from student
government and the Carolina Union Activities Board to tuition hikes and the devastation of budget cuts.
What's more, he was a quick learner. In the spring of 2012, he enrolled and excelled in a UNC business
journalism class without having completed the prerequisites. Any employer looking for a thoughtful, clear
communicator who can hit the ground running would be hard-pressed to find a better candidate."

— C. Ryan Barber, managed Ian at The Daily Tar Heel

"Ian was great at taking initiative and assuming a leadership role. He works well with others and consistently
demonstrates real work ethic and charisma. Ian was always a person I could look to for beneficial peer review
and a great person to bounce ideas off of."

— Hannah Kloeckner, worked directly with Ian at IBM

"Ian is a natural leader with strong interpersonal skills and is quite mature and focused on driving great
business results."

— Scott Searle, managed Ian at IBM

"Ian is a very intelligent and dedicated worker, and he's great guy to hang out with."

— Robert Horwitz, worked directly with Ian at IBM

"Ian Lee served as Secretary of the Student Body during my Presidency from 2010-2011. Ian's legacy and
impact came mostly from his ability to blend his professional side with his personable side; Ian is a people

Page5

person. Those who worked alongside or under Ian know this to be true. His creativity in developing new
methods of student outreach and in-reach for the longstanding tradition of student self-governance at the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill made my job as President far easier and more meaningful for all.
I am proud to say that Ian served on my Executive team for what was one of the most amazing years of my
life as a UNC student."

— Hogan Medlin, was Ian's client

"Ian is a strong team player with great attitude, good ideas, and a strong work ethic."

— Jason McGinnis, worked with Ian at NeoNova Network Services

"Ian is a team player who can use his knowledge and available resources to get things done efficiently and on-
time. Ian successfully completed several projects that were integral to the ongoing strategy and operations of
the company."

— Chris Beatson, managed Ian indirectly at NeoNova Network Services

"Ian is a very driven individual who is very conscious of giving and achieving the very most in every task and
assignment. He goes the extra effort to make sure the spirit of the assignment is accomplished in addition to
the written specification, thinking and asking questions to ensure that real answers are being generated. Very
inquisitive and intelligent person, quick study but very intelligent and self assured to put real thought on a
project."

— Warren Lee, managed Ian indirectly at NeoNova Network Services

"Ian is a force of nature. He works at an incredible pace. His business acumen coupled with a research
focused problem solving approach makes him an amazing teammate for any challenge."

— Ashwin Ramesh, studied with Ian at Carnegie Mellon University

Contact Ian on LinkedIn

Page6

