Inna Barmash
General Counsel at Amplify

Experience
General Counsel  at   Amplify
January 2016  -  Present (7 months)

Inna leads the legal team at Amplify, an education technology company based in DUMBO, Brooklyn. She
 is responsible for all legal and compliance matters for the organization, including corporate governance,
 commercial and strategic transactions, intellectual property, licensing, government procurement, mergers and
 acquisitions, employment and compliance.  Inna also leads the development and support of the company's
 data privacy and security policies and has played an active role in shaping self-regulatory efforts in the
 industry in the area of student data privacy.

Associate General Counsel  at   Amplify
July 2012  -  December 2015  (3 years 6 months)

Work across the company with product, technology, business development, operations and sales teams,
 counseling on legal and compliance matters and drafting and negotiating a wide variety of commercial
 contracts, including drafting and negotiation of strategic partnerships, M&A deals, commercial agreements,
 software and content licenses, counseling on data privacy and security issues and IP matters.

Associate  at   Ropes & Gray
September 2007  -  July 2012  (4 years 11 months)

Represented clients from a variety of industries, including high-technology, apparel, pharmaceutical
 and healthcare, in a broad range of intellectual property and technology-driven transactions.  Extensive
 experience in drafting and negotiation of licensing, outsourcing and other commercial agreements.

Senior Consultant  at   Work Alternatives, Inc
July 2003  -  August 2004  (1 year 2 months)

Surveyed and re-designed advertising sales process;  Designed and assisted in implementation of customer
 service group at publishing firm.

Consultant  at   Tigris Consulting
October 2001  -  June 2003  (1 year 9 months)

Prepared analytical reporting and data management tools for a diverse set of clients in publishing, media,
 retail, and manufacturing industries.  Traveled internationally for on-site project work and meetings.

Education
Princeton University

Page1

AB cum laude, Computer Science, 1997 - 2001
Activities and Societies:  Sigma-Xi Scientific Research Society (2001), Ferris Grant, Humanities Council
 (1998), Contributor to the Daily Princetonian and Nassau Weekly, Campus Club Officer, Vice-President,
 ACM, Senior Thesis: “Architecture for a Universal Digital Music Library”
Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law, Yeshiva University
JD, 2003 - 2007
Activities and Societies:  Cardozo Law Review, Dean's Merit Scholarship, Howard M. Squadron Program in
 Media, Law & Society, Cardozo IP Society
Fair Lawn High School
1993 - 1997

Languages
English
Russian

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Native or bilingual proficiency)

Volunteer Experience
Board Member  at   Center for Traditional Music and Dance
June 2012  -  Present

Page2

Inna Barmash
General Counsel at Amplify

Contact Inna on LinkedIn

Page3

