Jocelyn Jackson
Senior Project Manager at Ketchum

Specialties

Communications research, verbal and written communication, data analysis, media analysis, program
 evaluation,  public relations and branding, consulting, Microsoft Office Suite, including Excel (Intermediate)
 and Access (Basic), SPSS, Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator (Basic)

Experience
Senior Project Manager  at   Ketchum
November 2014  -  Present (1 year 9 months)

Research Manager  at   Illuminas
March 2014  -  November 2014  (9 months)

Project Manager, Ketchum Global Research and Analytics  at   Ketchum
July 2012  -  March 2014  (1 year 9 months)

Assistant Programme Officer  at   United Nations
2009  -  July 2012  (3 years)

Conducted internal communications research on an ad hoc basis, including surveys and media monitoring and
 analysis.

Assistant Press Officer  at   United Nations
2010  -  2010  (less than a year)

Drafted daily press releases on United Nations events such as press briefings, conferences, and meetings of
 the General Assembly, Security Council and the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC).

Media Analysis Consultant  at   United Nations
2008  -  2009  (1 year)

Designed and delivered three media monitoring and analysis projects.

Operations Manager  at   Media Tenor International
2007  -  2008  (1 year)

Oversaw all operations for the New York office of an international communications research company,
 including media monitoring, analysis and reporting projects, employee training, and human resources. 
 Developed curriculum for and conducted employee training programs in company offices in New York,
 South Africa and Germany.  Directly managed 18 employees.

Page1

Public Relations Intern  at   Cynthia Rowley
2007  -  2007  (less than a year)

Maintained relationships with key media contacts, publicists and stylists.

Media Researcher/ Trainer  at   Media Tenor International
2006  -  2007  (1 year)

Performed media monitoring on the banking, insurance and software industries, as well as the U.S. economy,
 the U.S. government and its officials by analyzing media coverage on each within specific guidelines.
 Conducted survey and processed resulting information on CEOs at 100 U.S. companies for the “Reputation
 and Crisis Management” report produced in cooperation with the Harvard Business Review.  Trained new
 employees on media analysis methodology. Promoted to Operations Manager within one year.

Assistant to the Director of Public Relations  at   Double Happiness Jewelry
2004  -  2005  (1 year)

Conducted market research. Worked closely with editorial departments at leading fashion publications.
 Contributed to public relations campaigns that attracted celebrity clients.

Languages
French

Volunteer Experience
Volunteer and Teaching Artist  at   The Studio Museum in Harlem
January 2009  -  April 2011

Teaching artist on Target Free Sundays; museum docent (short-term) and volunteer with guest services

Education
Baruch College
MS, Corporate Communications, 2011 - 2013
New York University, Stern School of Business
BS, Business Administration, 2003 - 2007

Interests
corporate communication, photography, painting, graphic design, international travel, reading (fiction and non-
fiction)

Page2

Jocelyn Jackson
Senior Project Manager at Ketchum

2 people have recommended Jocelyn

"Jocelyn is a quick thinker and hard worker. She processed information on the go as needed in our meetings,
produced cogent and intelligent writing, and was always a pleasure to work with. She has great energy and
professionalism, and I would recommend Jocelyn as an asset to any department or organization."

— Summer Brennan, managed Jocelyn indirectly at United Nations

"I have known Jocelyn Jackson for several years and I found her to be consistently pleasant, tackling all
assignments with dedication and a smile. Besides being a joy to work with, Jocelyn is a take-charge person
who is able to present creative ideas and communicate the benefits. She has successfully developed several
international marketing skills while serving in OCONUS position as a Diplomat for our country.. During her
tenure, she has broaden her ability to work as a team player and concentrate on the mission. Ms Jackson is a
extraordinarily helpful in other areas of the advertising position in which she has been employed. In addition
to writing effective training modules for sales representatives, Jocelyn assumed a leadership role in sales
meetings, inspiring and motivating other employees. I highly recommend Jocelyn for employment. She is a
team player and would make a great asset to any organization."

— Charles (Chuck) Burgman, worked with Jocelyn at United Nations

Contact Jocelyn on LinkedIn

Page3

