Johann Christine Alcaraz
Marketing Assistant/Receptionist/Office Services Clerk at Miller Starr Regalia

Summary

An alumna of the University of California at Berkeley, Johann Christine is a prospective law student (currently
 a paralegal student) with a strong and seasoned administrative, marketing, and customer-service background.
 In July 2016, she began her MBA candidacy for Smartly's highly selective inaugural program. She has a huge
 heart for—and is interested in building a career in—public interest and social justice. She is also intrigued with
 the prominently emerging field of fashion law.

As a highly-motivated worker, she prides herself in proving her worth and is open to any challenging and
 edifying opportunities that come her way.

Organizations
Alameda County Legal Secretaries Association (ACLSA)
Student Member
May 2016 to Present
National Society of Leadership and Success (Sigma Alpha Pi)
Presidential Member
April 2013 to Present

Presidential Members achieve a 3.3+ GPA.

The Society is the nation's largest leadership honor society. Students are selected by their college for
 membership based on either academic standing or leadership potential. Candidacy is a nationally recognized
 achievement of honorable distinction.

The Society also provides a step-by-step program for members to build their leadership skills through
 participation at their campus or online. Upon completion of the program, members receive their leadership
 certificate and take their place among the top student leaders at their campus and across the country. 

Education
University of California, Berkeley
Bachelor’s Degree, Legal Studies (Major), Asian American & Asian Diaspora Studies (Minor), 2009 - 2012
Grade:  3.462 GPA
Activities and Societies:  Sigma Alpha Pi (The National Society of Leadership and Success), {m}aganda
 magazine, Intervarsity- Kapwa, Pilipin@ Community Council Representative, Dwinelle Hall Breakers,
 Oakland Asian Student Educational Services (OASES), YWCA Pre-Kindergarten Enrichment Program (PEP),
 Pilipino Cultural Night (PCN), Restorative Justice for Oakland Youth (RJOY)
San Francisco State University

Page1

ABA-Approved Paralegal Certificate, Legal Assistant/Paralegal, 2015 - 2017
Grade:  3.75 GPA
Activities and Societies:  Bay Area JusticeCorps
Smartly MBA Program
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Business Administration and Management, General, 2016 - 2017
Vallejo High School
High School, High School/Secondary Diplomas and Certificates, 2005 - 2009
Grade:  4.3714 GPA
Activities and Societies:  California Scholarship Federation (CSF), Leadership, AP Club, Academic Decathlon,
 Filipino Club, Chess Club, Colorguard, Powder Puff

Experience
Marketing Assistant/Receptionist/Office Services Clerk  at   Miller Starr Regalia
February 2016  -  Present (6 months)

• Assist Director of Marketing and Business Development 
--- Logistical planning and organization for marketing events; database maintenance; client relations
--- Research and publication preparation for firm proposals
--- Maintain and update company website; assist in website/blog development

• Manage satellite office of 5 Shareholders and 1 Legal Assistant
--- Receptionist and general office support (e.g., supply requisition, correspondence flow, etc.) 
--- Notarial services 

Server/Bartender  at   Cafe V (Venezuelan Cafe)
June 2016  -  Present (2 months)

Catch me working on the weekends~ 

Check us out on Yelp: www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-v-berkeley-5

Notary Public  at   Notary Public for the State of California
December 2015  -  Present (8 months)

• Commissioned Nov. 13, 2015; Term ending on Nov. 12, 2019.
• Commission Number: 2133696

Member  at   Faith Bible Church Of Vallejo
2009  -  Present (7 years)

Ministries
• Education
--- Bay Area Sunday School (BASS) Convention 
• Worship Team / Choir

Page2

• Performing Arts
• East Bay Bible Study (EBBS)

Manager  at   Molly b. Stores
September 2012  -  January 2016  (3 years 5 months)

• Managed 7-10 saleswomen and 1 Receiver

• Personal Assistant to Owner   
--- Staff liaison
--- Frequent correspondence between 100+ vendor accounts and 20+ professional networks
--- Attend fashion markets

• Responsible for all Operations, Training, and HR for 2 storefronts
--- Inventory Receiving/Transfer/Maintenance 
--- Merchandising/Visuals
--- Scheduling
--- Payroll
--- Hiring
--- POS Technical Support/Training
--- Prepare and analyze daily, weekly, and monthly sales reports  

• Organize and maintain backroom/office; general office duties and support
--- Accounts Receivable
--- File Management

• Sales; Customer Service-oriented duties:
--- Clienteling
--- Client satisfaction ratings up 25%; issue rectification down 80%
--- Product Knowledge and Customer Service Training 

Barista  at   Metropolitan Coffee and Concessions
August 2014  -  March 2015  (8 months)
• Proudly brewing Peet's Coffee & Tea
• Express service to commuters inside the Embarcadero BART station

Client Services  at   Louis Vuitton via Volt Workforce Solutions
October 2014  -  December 2014  (3 months)

• Expedited 3-week training to help with increasing demand during the Holidays
• Learned 5 new programs in 3-week span
• Averaged 80+ calls per day using Cisco Multi-Line System

Page3

• Exceeded $25,000 monthly sales goal

Field Researcher  at   Nichols Research, Inc.
October 2014  -  November 2014  (2 months)

• Conducted surveys and administered test materials to participants in a public setting 
• 75% stranger-to-participant conversion; 100% performance rating

Server  at   Pasta Pomodoro, Inc.
May 2014  -  October 2014  (6 months)

• Responsible for serving assigned seating areas of approximately 5-10 tables

Sales Representative  at   Melaleuca:The Wellness Company
October 2010  -  October 2013  (3 years 1 month)

• Entrepreneurial Opportunity- Achieved Director III status, maintained Director II
• Multi-Level Marketing Strategy
• Supervised a team of 11 representatives 
• Maintained monthly check-ins and facilitated collaborations for 50+ accounts

Teacher's Assistant  at   UC Berkeley
July 2013  -  August 2013  (2 months)

• Grader for ASAMST 141- Law in the Asian American Community

Intern  at   PacerPro
June 2012  -  January 2013  (8 months)

• Beta-testing PacerPro (SaaS) court docket database engine

Salesperson  at   The Walk Shop
December 2011  -  December 2012  (1 year 1 month)

• Expert shoe fitting of European Comfort Shoes and more
• Commission-driven environment
• Generated personal leads and built rapport with existing clients; ~80% retention rate

Projects
Land Use Developments Blog
May 2016 to Present
Members:Nadine Nassif, Bryan Wenter, Johann Christine Alcaraz, Lisa King

Miller Starr Regalia’s Land Use Practice Group has broad and deep expertise obtaining and defending
 approvals required to successfully develop real property. The firm’s Land Use Developments Blog was
 created to provide practical information, judicial, legislative, and regulatory updates, tips, and guidelines on

Page4

 cutting edge issues to those in the land use industry, including property owners, developers, public agencies,
 and technical consultants.
CEQA Developments Blog
February 2016 to Present
Members:Johann Christine Alcaraz, Nadine Nassif, Arthur Coon, Craig Stevens

Miller Starr Regalia has been at the forefront of recent developments in cutting edge fields such as air quality
 and climate change-related laws, and its attorneys are established experts in environmental impact review of
 projects under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) and the National Environmental Policy Act
 (NEPA). Miller Starr Regalia’s first blog, CEQA Developments, was created to highlight the firm’s expertise
 in the area of CEQA law. 

In addition to the blog, author Art Coon is also an Expert Contributor for the Association of Environmental
 Professional's (AEP) newly launched CEQA Portal - Case Law Database.  

For more information, please visit www.califaep.org and www.ceqaportal.org.

Honors and Awards
Eula Mae Jett Scholarship
Legal Secretaries, Incorporated
July 2016

2nd Place recipient of the 2016-2017 Eula Mae Jett "Plan C" Scholarship.
For more information: http://www.lsi.org/scholarships/ 

2016-2017 Chapter Scholarship
Alameda County Legal Secretaries Association (ACLSA)
April 2016

Recipient of the 2016-2017 Alameda County Legal Secretaries Association- Chapter Scholarship under
 Category C for Career Change/Returning Student.

Salutatorian
Vallejo High School
June 2009

Languages
Tagalog
English

Volunteer Experience
Tutor / Mentor  at   OASES
February 2010  -  April 2012

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Native or bilingual proficiency)

Page5

Oakland Asian Students Educational Services (OASES) makes up the biggest volunteer force in any after-
school program of the Oakland Unified School District. The program recruits, trains, and appoints over
 200 college mentors annually from UC Berkeley, Laney College and California State University East Bay
 to our after-school programs. Matched on a low 1:1 to 1:4 mentor-to-student ratio, our mentors provide
 individualized academic assistance and serve as role models to our youth participants.

Child Care  at   Celebrate Recovery
April 2008  -  January 2009

Find out more at Faith Bible Church of Vallejo: http://www.fbcvallejo.net/celebrate-recovery.htm

Certifications
Notary Public
California Secretary of State   License 2133696    December 2015 to November 2019
California Food Handler's Card
American National Standards Institute   License 2014-427477    April 2014 to April 2017
Finance: Time Value of Money
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       May 2016
Accounting I: Fundamentals
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       May 2016
Microeconomics I: Supply and Demand
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       May 2016
Marketing Fundamentals
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       May 2016
One-Variable Statistics
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       May 2016
Macroeconomics I: Fundamentals
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       May 2016
Two-Variable Statistics
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       June 2016
Microeconomics II: Shape Your Economic Worldview
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       June 2016
Microeconomics III: Markets and Externalities
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       June 2016
Macroeconomics: Economic Fluctuations
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       July 2016
Company Formation Law
Smartly by Pedago, LLC       July 2016

Courses
ABA-Approved Paralegal Certificate, Legal
Assistant/Paralegal

Page6

San Francisco State University
Pleadings & Motions
Communication Skills & Legal Ethics
Computer Application in Law Practice
Introduction to Law & Civil Procedure
Legal Research & Writing
 
Bachelor’s Degree, Legal Studies (Major), Asian
American & Asian Diaspora Studies (Minor)
University of California, Berkeley
Asian American History
Asian Americans in Film & Video
Europe 1914 - Present
Juvenile Justice
Asian Diaspora
Policing & Society
Law & Development
Chicanos & the Educational System
Racism & U.S. Law
Feminist Jurisprudence
The Craft of Writing II
Developmental Psychology
Intro to Oceans
Race, Identity, and Culture in Urban Schools
Intro to Japanese Literature
Law in the Asian American Community
Children's Literature
Surveillance, Privacy, and the Law
Business Probability & Statistics
Restorative Justice
Japanese Literature II
Intro to Economics
Current Issues in Education
The History of Thought in Environmental Design
Anthropology Reading & Composition
Globalization
Gender in American Culture
Analytic Geometry & Calculus
The Craft of Writing

PLS 395
PLS 310
PLS 430
PLS 300
PLS 320

ASAMST 20A
ASAMST 171
HISTORY 158C
LEGALST 163
ASAMST 131
LEGALST 102
LEGALST 158
CHICANO 172
ETH STD 144AC
LEGALST 189
RHET R1B
PSYCH 140
EPS C82
AFRICAM C133A
JAPAN 7A
ASAMST 141
ENGLISH 80K
LEGALST 190.1
STAT 21
LEGALST 190.3
JAPAN 7B
ECON 1
EDUC 190
ENV DES 10
ANTHRO R5B
GEOG 20
GWS 50AC
MATH 16A
RHET R1A

Page7

UGBA 10
NUSCTX 10
PHILOS 11
ASAMST 172
PHILOS 12A

Principles of Business
Intro to Human Nutrition
Philosophy of Religion
Asian American Literature
Intro to Logic
 
.................................................................................................................................................................
 
Member
Faith Bible Church Of Vallejo
Soteriology
21st Century Issues: Wisely Contending
Speak the Word: Spoken Word As a Creative Arts
Ministry and Outreach
 
.................................................................................................................................................................
 
Independent Coursework
 
Elder Abuse: Prevention, Detection and Correction

FBCV 2016
BASS 2016 Workshop
BASS 2016 Workshop

ACLSA 1.0 MCLE Credit

Skills & Expertise
Retail Sales
Microsoft Office
Fashion
Marketing
Teaching
Customer Service
Public Speaking
Administrative Assistants
Retail
Social Networking
PowerPoint
Assistant Work
Facebook
Time Management
Sales
Microsoft Excel
Visual Merchandising
Microsoft Word
Event Planning
Social Media
Research

Page8

Community Outreach
Leadership
Management
Briefs
Fundraising
Legal Research
Legal Writing
Notary Public
Multi-line Phone
Administrative Assistance
Training
Social Media Marketing

Interests
Singing, Breakdancing, Make-Up Artistry, Graphic Design, Digital Photography, San Francisco 49ers, Golden
 State Warriors, San Francisco Giants, Bible Study, Escape the Room, Bikram Yoga, Yosemite Hiking,
 American Sign Language, Couponing

Test Scores
SAT
   Score:1980

Page9

Johann Christine Alcaraz
Marketing Assistant/Receptionist/Office Services Clerk at Miller Starr Regalia

7 people have recommended Johann Christine

"The idea of recommending Johann is an honor because she has been joy to work with in the ministries at
FBCV. Johann is very dedicated to improving her skills, knowledge, and talents in all areas of the ministry
business that has actual applications to solving problems. She has always demonstrated the ability to ask for
help, feedback, and advice to accomplish assigned tasks"

— Benjamin Buggs, Ministry Director, Faith Food Fridays, worked directly with Johann Christine at Faith
Bible Church Of Vallejo

"I heard of Johann before I met her, while working as a young adults staff member at Faith Bible church
of Vallejo. The young women I encountered in my community group was very enthusiastic for her studies
in law and social justice. Full of questions, Johann regularly participated in group discussions probing the
material with a zest for learning. However I was more struck by how she always prided herself on taking on
challenging opportunities such as being a full time student at UC Berkeley while managing a shoe store. Her
animated spirit and disciplined approach to life and learning made it a pleasure to be her community group
leader. "

— Phil Wong, Staff Member, Faith Bible Church of Vallejo, taught Johann Christine at Faith Bible Church
Of Vallejo

"Johann Christine is the consummate professional, while being a fun and empathetic boss. She created
the protocol upon which the store runs, and beautifully. Always positive, hard working and creative, her
efficiency means that the owner, the staff and the customers are all satisfied. She makes time for everything
and will be a hard act to follow. I highly recommend Johann Christine!"

— Suzanne Caffey, Sales Associate, Kingfisher Road, reported to Johann Christine at Molly b. Stores

"As a creator and sender of promotional emails for Molly b Stores, I have had the pleasure of working with
Johann in her capacity as the manager of Molly b Stores in 2015. In my experience, she does such a good job.
She does what needs to be done when it needs to be done. She’s competent, thorough, helpful, prompt and
cheerful. And she’s so lively and fun to work with, on top of all that. "

— Kearney Buskirk, was with another company when working with Johann Christine at Molly b. Stores

Page10

"I first met Johann in a course we both took at UC Berkeley about Asian Americans and education. During
the class, I distinctly remember Johann approaching topics with unfailing zeal, a positive attitude, and a
willingness to both learn and share knowledge. She represented her experiences eloquently with both honesty
and thoughtfulness, which I believe reflects assets that can greatly aid her in communications at future career
destinations. Since the class, I have heard of her involvement in numerous organizations on the Berkeley
campus, producing quality work that perfectly aligned with the attributes she displayed in class. Johann
would greatly strengthen the capacity and potential of any team she enters, and enrich both the dynamics of
the organization and the quality of its outputs. "

— Steven Cong, studied with Johann Christine at University of California, Berkeley

"Johann's intelligence, native ability to collaborate, and enthusiasm for success all make her a worthwhile
addition to any team. I give her my highest recommendation. "

— Jesse W. Raskin, J.D., taught Johann Christine at San Francisco State University

"I have had the pleasure of knowing Johann since 2005, when we were school mates at Vallejo High School.
Even before she went off to college and then became a savvy law-woman with top-notch managerial
skills, she had a fierce competitive edge. This revealed her greatest strength in not backing down from any
challenges. Johann is very logical and straight-forward, she is quick to understand and solve problems,
and she is organized while still being flexible in response to surprises. Her presentations in school were
thoroughly informative and also entertaining! Johann has proven herself time and again, throughout my years
knowing her, to be a loyal and devoted person in all areas. This is just as true in her work, as she is incredibly
passionate and puts in a great deal of effort to produce a good end result."

— Brittany Barnwell, studied with Johann Christine at Vallejo High School

Contact Johann Christine on LinkedIn

Page11

