Katherine Ernst
Field Engineer at Northrop Grumman Corporation

Experience
Field Engineer  at   Northrop Grumman Corporation
July 2016  -  Present (1 month)

Mechanical Engineer - Professional Development Program  at   Northrop Grumman Corporation
June 2015  -  July 2016  (1 year 2 months)

Teaching Assistant  at   Duke University
January 2015  -  May 2015  (5 months)

•       Guided students through 3D modeling (SolidWorks), circuitry, and report/presentation etiquette
• Supervised and assisted student projects in a machine shop
• Graded technical lab reports 

President  at   American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Duke Chapter
April 2013  -  September 2014  (1 year 6 months)

• Led executive board of ten and facilitated weekly meetings
• Worked with administrators and faculty advisor to meet department goals
• Initiated monthly general body meetings to increase membership and participation

Research and Development Intern  at   Newell Rubbermaid
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

• Investigated field failures of electromechanical side bins using Shainin. Wrote and carried out test
 procedures, analyzed data, and identified Green Y of voltage to activate motor. Visited hospital with high
 failure rates, observed workflow, and recommended solutions.
• Modeled various assemblies for QMS records in Creo; performed model cleanup. Modeled assembly
 templates for production plant and created assembly drawings for work instructions; rapid prototyped
 templates using FDM, SLA, and die-cut machine.
• Performed validation of Lithium Ion 24V batteries for use in hospital carts. Determined that suspect
 batteries met safety and quality standards; compiled graphical evidence in Matlab and Excel. Presented
 findings and recommendation for action.
• Created a database of all casters used in division, profiled options for consolidation, and created standard
 testing procedure. Found over $100,000 annually in consolidations, and up to $600,000 annually in future
 productivity projects.
• Completed Quality Management System and FDA Compliance Training.

Engineering Intern  at   Tshulu Trust

Page1

May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

• Organized plans for a water purification project in rural South Africa with another student and a faculty
 member; obtained funding to carry out the plans through DukeEngage
• Led a group of local construction workers 
• Constructed two slow sand filters: one grey water recycling system and one filter to clean water from the
 Mutale River for safe use
• Navigated cultural and language barriers within a group dynamic to successfully complete the project

Education
Duke University
Bachelor of Science in Engineering (BSE), Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science, 2011 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  American Society of Mechanical Engineers President, Varsity Cheerleading, Duke
 University E-Team (Engineering Peer Advising), Pi Tau Sigma, Alpha Phi
Duke University
Certificate, Energy and the Environment, 2011 - 2015
Smartly

Page2

Katherine Ernst
Field Engineer at Northrop Grumman Corporation

Contact Katherine on LinkedIn

Page3

