Leah Kovach
Marketing Specialist - Demand Generation at Movable Ink

Experience
Marketing Specialist - Demand Generation  at   Movable Ink
March 2016  -  Present (5 months)

- Manage demand generation projects with key stakeholders across multiple departments, including the
 company referral program
- Develop strategy for and maintain all company social platforms (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+,
 Instagram)
- Own production, analytics, and strategy for company's weekly email newsletter 

Marketing Coordinator - Demand Generation  at   Movable Ink
June 2015  -  March 2016  (10 months)

As the first-ever marketing coordinator, I took the lead on Movable Ink's social media presence and managed
 several content marketing / conference initiatives.

Sales Development Representative - Apparel/Non-Profit Specialist  at   Movable Ink
October 2013  -  May 2015  (1 year 8 months)

I introduced our sales team to leads at companies like Aeropostale, Human Rights Campaign, The Humane
 Society of America, Kohl's, Kate Spade, Tiffany & Co., Staples, and more.

Inside Sales Consultant  at   SinglePlatform
July 2013  -  October 2013  (4 months)

I managed the entire sales cycle, from prospecting leads to account creation.

Multicultural Recruitment Fellow  at   Colgate University
August 2012  -  April 2013  (9 months)

I was one of eight Senior Fellows who conducted informational interviews with prospective students and
 represented Colgate at local college fairs. I also wrote for the "Inside the 'Gate," the blog of the Office of
 Admission: 

http://insidethegate.colgate.edu/2012/08/global-engagement.html

My main responsibilities pertained to Multicultural Open House (detailed in "Projects"). Additionally, I
 served as a member of the Multicultural Recruitment Committee. We met weekly to examine all facets of the
 college admissions process; our goal was to increase applicant diversity. As a result of our efforts, the class
 of 2017 is the most diverse in Colgate's history: 

Page1

http://news.colgate.edu/2013/06/breaking-records-the-class-of-2017.html

Student  at   Tuck Business Bridge Program
July 2011  -  August 2011  (2 months)

I participated in an intensive month-long program offering courses in finance, accounting, economics,
 marketing, and management communications. I also attended seminars/information sessions on interview
 training, resume editing, and career services.

The experience culminated in a Markstrat simulation and a valuation project, in which my team studied the
 Packaging Corporation of America.

Education
Colgate University
Bachelor of Arts, International Relations; Minor in Sociology and Anthropology, 2010 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Financial Vice President of Delta Tau of Gamma Phi Beta, Student Caller at Colgate
 University Annual Fund, Fellow in Office of Admission, Vice President of Finance at Panhellenic Council,
 Social Media Manager at Colgate University Women In Business

Languages
English
Spanish
French

Interests
Social media, sushi, and discovering New York City.

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Limited working proficiency)
(Limited working proficiency)

Page2

Leah Kovach
Marketing Specialist - Demand Generation at Movable Ink

Contact Leah on LinkedIn

Page3

