Lucas Kaiser
Engineer & Experienced Project Manager

Summary

I am a 2010 graduate of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where I completed advanced elective
 coursework in orbital mechanics, spacecraft control, and propulsion while earning a bachelor's degree in
 aerospace engineering.

After graduating, I worked as a management consultant and systems engineer for major aviation OEMs and
 their suppliers.  I created and refined complex business processes, facilitated communication and visibility
 between teams, and designed tools to improve progress towards engineering design and testing milestones.  If
 an engineering program was off-course, I specialized in righting the ship.

Experience
Senior Consultant  at   P3 Group
October 2011  -  August 2015  (3 years 11 months)

Management consulting for aviation OEMs and their suppliers, specializing in program recovery through
 process improvement, budget/schedule management, and tool development for performance tracking.

Instructor  at   Mathnasium - The Math Learning Center
November 2010  -  October 2011  (1 year)

Developed proper math techniques in students from grades 1-12.

Engineering Intern  at   Christopher B. Burke Engineering, Ltd.
May 2008  -  August 2008  (4 months)

Performed flood plain analyses; created hydraulic model designs; delineated watersheds, sub-basins, and
 tributary areas; and determined excavation volumes as part of a team of professional engineers.

Skills & Expertise
Matlab
Engineering
Labview
C
Fortran
Systems Engineering
Aerospace
Process Improvement
Program Management

Page1

VBA
Pro Engineer
AutoCAD
Project Management
CAD
Aircraft
Root Cause Analysis
Inventor
ANSYS
Simulink
Solidworks
Testing
Management
Data Visualization
STK
GMAT
Pro/Engineer
French
Python
NX Unigraphics
SQL
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Office

Education
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Graduate Coursework, 2015 - 2015
Grade:  A
University of Colorado Boulder
Graduate Coursework, 2015 - 2015
Grade:  A
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
BS, Aerospace Engineering, 2006 - 2010
Activities and Societies:  Theta Beta Mach Aerosupport Coalition, AIAA, Illini String Orchestra, Fencing Illini
smartly MBA

Languages
English
French

Courses
BS, Aerospace Engineering

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Limited working proficiency)

Page2

University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Aerospace Structures
Rocket Propulsion
Spacecraft Attitude Control
Orbital Mechanics
Aerospace Propulsion
Aerospace Systems Design
Rapid Prototyping & Modeling
Aerospace Flight Mechanics
Incompressible / Compressible Flow
Aerospace Dynamics
 

AE 322
AE 434
AE 403
AE 402
AE 433
AE 440
AE 498RPM
AE 302
AE 311/312
AE 352

Projects
A Two-Dimensional Path Tracking Control Design For A Planar Quadrotor
2015 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Application of linear control theory in MATLAB to design a controller for a two-dimensional path tracking
 problem

Business Aircraft Completions Management
2015 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Established a program management office (processes, tools, and KPIs) for a business aircraft interiors
 program at a Canadian OEM.

Commercial Aircraft Flight Test Program Management
2014 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Development of governance tools and processes for a commercial aircraft flight test program at a Canadian
 OEM

Commercial Aircraft Ground Test Rig Management
2013 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Program schedule improvement and resource management for a commercial aircraft ground test rig upgrade
 at a Canadian OEM

Oxygen Generator Augmentation
2013 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Root cause analysis of oxygen generator performance for an aviation tier one company in Germany

Supplier Program Recovery

Page3

2012 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Construction of a "program recovery cockpit", including key performance metrics and automated data
 analysis tools, for an aviation tier one company in Germany

Supplier Quality Improvement
2012 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

-  Re-allocated a $2 million engineering development budget to
-  minimize program delay for an aviation tier one company in the United States

Parts Development Program Launch
2012 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Established efficient resource allocations, standardized reporting, and a preliminary program schedule for an
 aviation tier one company in the United States

Detailed Design Program Schedule Management
2011 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Collaborated with cross-functional engineering teams to define and implement a program master schedule
 and schedule management process for an aviation tier one company in the United States

L2 Space Weather Monitoring
2010 to Present
Members:Lucas Kaiser

Created a numerical orbit optimizer in MATLAB to define launch windows, delta-Vs, and spacecraft
 trajectories for construction of a nanosatellite constellation at Earth-Sun L2

Page4

Lucas Kaiser
Engineer & Experienced Project Manager

4 people have recommended Lucas

"I had the pleasure of working with Luke soon after his graduation. As a recent grad then jumping into a high
intensity project management consulting environment, Luke's structured problem solving ability, attention
to detail, and high level of professionalism made him an invaluable asset to the comany. His passion for
engineering and wealth of knowledge in all things aerospace made working with him a great experience. It
would definitely be a pleasure to work with Luke again in the future..."

— Michael Klopotowski, Senior Consultant - Automotive and Aerospace, P3 North America, managed
Lucas at P3 Group

"Luke was a superb employee with exemplary math skills. He was collaborative, always willing to take
on new challenges, and eager to learn. Luke was dedicated to his students. I recommend him highly for a
position in his chosen field."

— Erin McCune, managed Lucas at Mathnasium - The Math Learning Center

"I am the Owner and Center Director of Mathnasium – The Math Learning Center located in Glenview, IL.
Luke has worked for us as an Instructor since Fall 2010. Luke has worked with our students ranging from
2nd to 10th grade. He also worked with a wide range of students from remedial to gifted. Luke worked in a
small group setting giving a lot of individualized instruction to our students, including one-on-one tutoring
with our high school students. Luke is an excellent instructor and has a great rapport with the students.
He is very confident in his math knowledge which comes across to his students. He is very patient and
understanding with those needing more attention. Luke is commited to being excellent at what he does and
is a very motivated individual. I would highly recommend Luke for employment as he has all of the right
attributes that employers seek for success."

— J Steve Santacruz, was Lucas's client

"Lucas interened for me two summers ago. He was asked to perform engineering calculations and learn
computer models for which he did not have a lot of background. I would put Lucas up against 95% of the
interns who specialize in my area. He showed tremendous ability to learn, retain and excel. I thoroughly
enjoyed having him work here for the summer and know that he will be successful with his abilities and
talent."

Page5

— Thomas Burke, managed Lucas at Christopher B. Burke Engineering, Ltd.

Contact Lucas on LinkedIn

Page6

