Nike Onifade
Division Administrator at Columbia University Medical Center

Summary

Accomplished, highly effective leader and problem-solver with a creative vision and over 8 years of experience
 impacting organizational performance through operational strategy, business development, and project
 management.

// Proven track record of leading teams and organizations through change with excellent leadership skills and
 advocacy that result in buy-in across multiple divisions with varying agendas.

// Expertise in physician practice management within top 10 academic medical centers, and in physician
 engagement, compensation, and incentivization methods.

Change Management  •  Healthcare Operations  •  Finance & Budgeting  •  Physician Practice Operations  • 
 People Management  •  Business Development  •  Process Improvement  •  Employee & Physician Engagement
  •  Strategic Planning  •  Patient Access & Experience

Experience
Division Administrator  at   Columbia University Medical Center
September 2014  -  Present (1 year 11 months)

Lead the financial, business, and HR operations for 3 divisions in the Department of Obstetrics &
 Gynecology, with 40 providers, over 41,000 annual patient visits, and 1,300 annual surgeries performed
 across 4 hospitals and 11 outpatient locations. Manage a combined annual operating budget of $11 million.
 Develop and execute short- and long-term strategies for business development and programmatic growth of
 OB/GYN services in New York City and surrounding areas.

Director, Operations  at   University of Pittsburgh Medical Center
February 2013  -  August 2014  (1 year 7 months)

Managed the day-to-day and strategic operations of the Division of Pediatric Surgery at the Children's
 Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC, with 24 physicians and research faculty, 50 FTEs, and an annual operating
 and research budget of $15 million.  Operational oversight of the inpatient service and 8 outpatient practices.

Administrative Fellow  at   University of Pittsburgh Medical Center
June 2012  -  April 2014  (1 year 11 months)

Managed high-impact projects for senior leaders across the health system to improve efficiency, resource
 allocation, and patient experience in Imaging, Clinical Support Services, Ambulatory Operations, Surgery,

Page1

 Pathology, and Quality. Acquired a deeper knowledge of physician practice management, hospital
 operations, and finance.

Administrative Resident  at   University of Pittsburgh Medical Center
May 2011  -  June 2012  (1 year 2 months)

Reporting to the Senior Vice President, coordinated strategic and often confidential administrative projects in
 UPMC's Physician Services Division (PSD).

Project Coordinator  at   TTC Technologies
July 2008  -  August 2010  (2 years 2 months)

TTC Technologies is a boutique IT and engineering software company specializing in innovative solutions
 for engineers, educators, and organizations across the globe. 

Assisted the Director of Administration and Finance with special projects, report writing, collateral design,
 and consumer outreach. Promoted from Technical Assistant to Project Coordinator in 2009.

Education
Cornell University
B.S., Biology & Society, Minor in Nutrition & Health, 2004 - 2008
Activities and Societies:  Student Health Alliance at Cornell, Biomedical & Technical Association
Harvard University
Postbaccalaureate Studies, 2008 - 2009
Activities and Societies:  Harvard Extension Pre-Health Society
Carnegie Mellon University
M.S., Healthcare Policy & Management, Concentration in Management & Organization, 2010 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Heinz Healthcare Club, Heinz Consulting Club
Smartly

Volunteer Experience
Advisor, College of Agriculture & Life Sciences Alumni Network  at   Cornell University
August 2015  -  Present

Engage with Cornell students currently enrolled in degree programs in the College of Agriculture & Life
 Sciences to provide career advice.

Volunteer, Cornell Alumni Admissions Ambassador Network  at   Cornell University
June 2008  -  Present

Conduct contact meetings and interviews with prospective Cornell students.

Board Member, NYC Cornellians  at   Cornell University
July 2015  -  Present

Page2

Serve on the Board of Directors for NYC Cornellians, a regional alumni association of Cornell University for
 the Greater New York City area.  Member of the Outreach & Engagement Committee.

Alumni Mentor  at   Carnegie Mellon University - H. John Heinz III College
October 2012  -  Present

Provide mentorship and career advice to several Heinz College students interested in healthcare operations
 and administration.

Organizations
American College of Healthcare Executives
2015 to Present
Healthcare Leaders of New York
2015 to Present
Healthcare Financial Management Association
2012 to Present
Medical Group Management Association
2011 to Present

Honors and Awards
Health Care Policy & Management Program Scholarship Recipient
Carnegie Mellon University, H. John Heinz College of Public Policy & Management
August 2010
Public Service Career Opportunities Award Winner
Carnegie Mellon University, H. John Heinz College of Public Policy & Management
April 2012

Languages
English
Yoruba
French

Skills & Expertise
Healthcare Management
Health Policy
Public Health
Project Management
Data Analysis
Business Development
Change Management
Strategic Planning
Operations Management

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Professional working proficiency)
(Limited working proficiency)

Page3

Physician & Employee Engagement

Page4

Nike Onifade
Division Administrator at Columbia University Medical Center

Contact Nike on LinkedIn

Page5

