Seth Nolan
Senior Consultant at Beacon Hill Pharma

Summary

At Beacon Hill, my areas of focus include Bioanalytical and DMPK in both Discovery and Clinical settings, as
 well as US, Global, and HCP Marketing, National Sales, and Commercial build-outs. 

Experience
Senior Consultant  at   Beacon Hill Staffing Group - Pharma Division
May 2016  -  Present (3 months)

From staff augmentation and project/business specific solutions to direct (permanent) placement services,
 Beacon Hill Pharma’s dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality
 professionals on a time-sensitive basis. 

Specialties: Specialize in all levels of Clinical Research, Medical Directors, Project Management, Data
 Management, Biometrics, Drug Safety, Medical Writing, Regulatory Affairs, Quality, Document
 Management, Medical Affairs, core platform functions, executive placements, and pharmaceutical recruiter
 placement.

Life Science Recruiting Consultant  at   ConnectedSearch
2015  -  April 2016  (1 year)

Account Manager  at   LVI Boston
August 2013  -  2015  (2 years)

Acquired new customers for various Fortune 100 and 500 clients through a direct approach sales system. 

Conducted preliminary, secondary, and final interviews for applicants. Responsible for training entry-level
 employees, as well as managing a team of 5-10 people on a daily basis. 

Learned the in's and outs of small business management, developed strong sales skills via building rapore,
 trust, and finding value; learned how to effectively and efficiently manage a team of coworkers.

Chief Operating Officer  at   Fanium LLC
April 2011  -  June 2013  (2 years 3 months)

Oversaw many day to day operational tasks within the company, ranging from, but not limited to managing
 summer internships, running payroll, and tracking all financial credits and debits. 

Page1

Responsible for organizing the companies financial system, to ensure efficiency. Finalized multiple deals to
 license Faniums tweet feeder API to partners within the Fantasy Space. 

Developed strong organizational skills, an ability to manage a team, and gained extensive experience working
 with QuickBooks, excel, and other payroll systems.

Skills & Expertise
Start-ups
Microsoft Office
Public Speaking
Microsoft Excel
Social Media
PowerPoint
Research
Microsoft Word
Event Planning
Sports
Project Management
Business Strategy
Social Networking
Leadership
Management
Social Media Marketing
Customer Service
Sales
Fundraising

Education
Brown University
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Human Biology: Human Health and Disease
Activities and Societies:  GoLudo, Wrestling, College Hill Events, Relay for Life Team Leader, Junior
 Achievement, Main Green TV,

Publications
Introducing Fanium, the First Social Network for Sports
thereformedbroker.com   May 3, 2012
Authors: Seth Nolan

Details Fanium's first web based sports network, which we built at the beginning of 2012.

Certifications
Finance: Time Value of Money
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      

Page2

Accounting I: Fundamentals
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      

Page3

Seth Nolan
Senior Consultant at Beacon Hill Pharma

Contact Seth on LinkedIn

Page4

