Steven Aguiar
Digital Marketing Consultant at BlueWing Digital

Summary

I've been hooked on digital publishing since I started my first site, a music blog called Benz and a Backpack,
 in 2009. After graduating from Brown, I went on to create and manage social and digital strategies for MTV
 Hive, The FADER and The Players’ Tribune. Today, I'm using those same skills to help brands build engaged
 audiences as partner and strategy lead at BlueWing.

Experience
Digital Media Strategist  at   The Players' Tribune
December 2014  -  April 2016  (1 year 5 months)

Manage and execute The Players' Tribune social media and email strategy. 

Digital Strategist/Social Media Manager  at   The FADER
August 2013  -  December 2014  (1 year 5 months)

Manage all of The FADER's social media properties, lead on web traffic analytics and manage SEO strategy.
 Vet and implement partnerships with digital vendors.

Social Media and Strategy Coordinator at MTV Hive  at   MTV Networks
December 2011  -  August 2013  (1 year 9 months)

Work with a small team of editors, producers and strategists to develop MTV Hive, a digital music
 publication launched March 2011. Most responsibilities currently fall under the umbrella of social media,
 marketing analytics, digital music strategy and writing.

Summer Associate  at   MTV Networks
May 2011  -  August 2011  (4 months)

Summer Associate for MTV Hive, MTVN’s online independent music initiative. Responsibilities included
 writing original articles, editorial research and development, and social media management and strategy.
 Worked with a small team to develop a reskinnable iPad application for Comedy Central and Spike TV.
 The Summer Associate Program is a highly competitive 10-week paid training program for recent college
 graduates, focusing on digital media.

http://read.mtvhive.com/author/aguiars

Student Caller  at   Brown University
May 2010  -  May 2011  (1 year 1 month)

Engage University alumni with direct-marketing to attract pledges for the Brown Annual Fund.

Page1

360 Music Director  at   95.5 WBRU
January 2010  -  December 2010  (1 year)

Music Director for 360 Degree Experience In Sound, New England’s #1 rated Urban Programming on
 Sundays. Responsibilities included producing a weekly trade report, music programming, label relations,
 branding, and intern training. WBRU is a medium-market commercial radio station run by students, and on
 Sundays peaks at 40,000 listeners in Rhode Island and Massachusetts.

Intern  at   VICE Media
June 2009  -  September 2009  (4 months)

Synthesized raw footage into transcripts for future editing, updated the homepage daily with relevant content,
 and assisted in research for future and current projects.

Projects
Benz and a Backpack
April 2009 to May 2011
Members:Steven Aguiar, Peter Drinan, Brian Alexander

Co-founded, designed and edited Benz and a Backpack, a hip-hip music and culture blog. Used social media,
 cross-promotional partnerships, and search engine optimization to increase traffic, which stood at 20,000
 unique visitors a month at its peak.

Languages
Spanish

Skills & Expertise
Digital Publishing
Digital Marketing
Copywriting
Social Media
Blogging
Music Industry
Digital Media
Wordpress
Photoshop
Social Media Marketing
Facebook
Online Publishing
Research
Analytics
Editing
Video Editing
WordPress
Online Marketing

Page2

Music
Editorial
Television
Content Strategy
SEO
Web Analytics
Strategy
Digital Strategy

Education
Brown University
B.A., Economics, Hispanic Studies, 2007 - 2011
Activities and Societies:  Brown Rugby, City Brothers
Regis
2003 - 2007
Smartly

Publications
BlueWing Blog
   
Authors: Steven Aguiar

Page3

Steven Aguiar
Digital Marketing Consultant at BlueWing Digital

Contact Steven on LinkedIn

Page4

