Tanzim Milkey
Product Marketing Manager who wields data and creativity to lead development and drive results.

Summary

A product marketing professional with management, research, and analysis experience in technology and
 consumer goods. My career has included varied projects, such as creating multi-faceted social media
 campaigns, designing, launching, and managing new products, and promoting efficiency by changing business
 infrastructure.

Experience
Product Marketing Manager  at   MBI Inc.
July 2015  -  Present (1 year 1 month)

I work in the jewelry division of The Danbury Mint, overseeing a variety of products throughout their
 life cycles. My responsibilities include managing vendors, executing media, mail, and digital efforts,
 coordinating customer relations, and product development and analysis.

Student Technology Consultant Manager  at   Williams College
October 2012  -  May 2015  (2 years 8 months)

Handled a variety of computer issues that students, faculty, and staff experienced, including both online and
 offline security, software troubleshooting, fixing hardware, and addressing network issues. 

Chemistry Stockroom Monitor  at   Williams College
September 2012  -  May 2015  (2 years 9 months)

Distributed chemistry equipment to students and faculty; also prepared solutions and cleared out volatile
 substances post-lab.

Consultant  at   SmartBrief
September 2014  -  January 2015  (5 months)

Collaborated with the CEO in order to devise effective solutions for the company, keep informed on the latest
 trends and innovations, and address social media and business best practices.

Product Team Intern  at   SmartBrief
June 2014  -  August 2014  (3 months)

Worked on a variety of projects including product development, marketing design, company branding
 solutions, and competitor research.

Youth Development Counselor  at   Hillcrest Educational Centers
July 2013  -  August 2013  (2 months)

Page1

Worked at both the Highpoint and Fernbrook campuses to provide care and aid for boys aged 13-20 who have
 had histories of violent criminal behavior and sexual trauma. 

Business Development Associate  at   Teal Orbit - Palette Group
June 2012  -  August 2012  (3 months)

Sought out and helped maintain the social media presence of various clients, ranging from a beer festival to a
 natural beauty products company; also worked on improving the brand presence of the start-up itself.

Inventory Manager  at   Valero Energy Corporation
June 2012  -  August 2012  (3 months)

Chose the items the store would carry based on data analysis, assigned prices to stock, and ordered and
 distributed the inventory.

Manager  at   Horizon Effect
January 2011  -  2012  (1 year)

Managed the band's websites, booked shows, and took care of general logistics, maintenance, and production.

Video Editor  at   Simons Films
October 2011  -  November 2011  (2 months)

Worked with Final Cut Pro in order to sort through soccer footage and collect highlights.

Canvasser  at   Democratic Party of Georgia
May 2011  -  June 2011  (2 months)

Went door-to-door in order to collect contributions for the DPG and informed people of developments from
 within the party that the major news outlets did not have access to; also raised awareness of both local and
 national issues.

Technology Association of Georgia Intern  at   Verint
June 2010  -  July 2010  (2 months)

Worked in the Project Management Office in order to organize and improve the company’s customer
 database.

Senior Capstone Intern  at   Gwinnett Technical College
January 2010  -  May 2010  (5 months)

Worked under the head of the horticulture department in order to learn basic laboratory skills as well as
 participate in a collegiate class experience.

Cashier  at   Yum! Restaurants International
June 2009  -  July 2009  (2 months)

Handled the financial transactions of customers; prepared food items; took orders over the intercom; took
 orders at the front register.

Page2

Education
Williams College
Bachelor’s Degree, Psychology (focus: Cognitive Science), Leadership Studies & International
 Studies, 2011 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  QuestBridge, The SpringStreeters, South Asian Students Association
Smartly MBA Program
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), 2016 - 2016
Bosphorus University
Semester Abroad, 2013 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  BUMK Rock Korusu, IES Istanbul, weloveistanbul
Gwinnett School of Mathematics, Science, and Technology
High School Diploma, Bioscience, 2007 - 2011
Activities and Societies:  GSMST Chorus, National Honors Society, Stock Market Club, Yearbook Committee,
 Student Government Association, Peer Tutoring
Georgia State University
Information Technology, 2010 - 2010

Courses
High School Diploma, Bioscience
Gwinnett School of Mathematics, Science, and
Technology
Engineering
Economics
 
Information Technology
Georgia State University
Information Technology
 
Bachelor’s Degree, Psychology (focus: Cognitive
Science), Leadership Studies & International
Studies
Williams College
Political Theory
Cognitive Psychology
Comparative Literature
Developmental Psychology
Sociology
Social Psychology
Leadership & Management
Neuroscience
Experimentation & Statistics

Page3

 

Skills & Expertise
Social Media
PowerPoint
Microsoft Office
Public Speaking
Time Management
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel
Social Networking
Microsoft Publisher
Community Outreach
Windows
Leadership
People Skills
Retail
Music
Teaching
Nonprofits
Creative Writing
Databases
Performing Arts
Inventory Management
Business
Management
First Aid
Event Planning
Critical Thinking
Technology
Diversity
Therapeutic Communication
Computers
Communication
Email
Presentations
Marketo
Photoshop Elements
Google Docs
Market Research
Internal Audit
Operating Budgets
Research
Data Analysis
SPSS

Page4

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Limited working proficiency)

SQL
P&L Management
Project Management
ROI Management
A/B Testing
Google Drive
Agile Project Management
Editing

Languages
Bengali
English
Turkish

Certifications
Finance: Time Value of Money
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      
Accounting I: Fundamentals
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      
Microeconomics I: Supply and Demand
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      
Marketing Fundamentals
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      
One-Variable Statistics
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      
Two-Variable Statistics
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      
Accounting II: Revenues and Expenses
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      
Stocks and Bonds
Smartly by Pedago, LLC      

Interests
Music, Technology, Books, Films, Cooking, Television.

Page5

Tanzim Milkey
Product Marketing Manager who wields data and creativity to lead development and drive results.

Contact Tanzim on LinkedIn

Page6

