Tripp Pettigrew-Rolapp
Franchise Owner at SMARTBOX Portable Storage

Summary

I am currently the Director of Sales and Customer Service for Beverly Hills Transfer and Storage, agent of
 Allied Van Lines. As Beverly Hills Transfer and Storage is primarily a family business, it is nice to work with
 my husband in a company that has been the premiere full-service moving company in Southern California
 since 1924. Together, we also own the SMARTBOX Portable Storage franchise in Los Angeles. 

In my past careers, I have been both an actor, a mathematics subject matter expert and a managing editor for
 the creation of standardized assessments for the K-12 market. These skills combine to make me an incredibly
 personable mover, highly specialized in setting expectations, team building, and account management. 

For fun, I am the father of three (Alex, Chris, and Kat) while sneaking a run whenever possible.

Specialties: Highly-skilled in all aspects of PC software, hardware, and networking. Extremely proficient
 in HTML, JavaScript, XML, C++, Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite, and Communication and
 Relationships Management.

Experience
Franchise Owner  at   SMARTBOX Portable Storage
November 2015  -  Present (9 months)

I am a franchise owner of SMARTBOX Portable Storage in the greater Los Angeles area. I am primarily
 focused on sales and customer service within our organization and love maintaining our 5 star presence
 on Yelp. I am committed to going above and beyond to make sure our customers have the best experience
 possible during the most stressful time of their life. 

Director of Sales and Customer Service  at   Beverly Hills Transfer and Storage
May 2013  -  Present (3 years 3 months)

My job is to make sure that customers are happy from the first moment of interaction until their goods (either
 household or office) are delivered safely at destination for a price that meets their budget. As a Certified
 Move Consultant and a Certified Office and Industrial Consultant myself, I take great pride in making
 sure that my team is presenting our customers with the most honest, well-considered price and move plan
 possible.

Freelance Item Writer and Independent Contractor  at   Self Employed
March 2009  -  May 2013  (4 years 3 months)

Page1

- Created and edited content for clients including The Princeton Review, CORE K12 Education, McGraw-
Hill/CTB, and Questar Assessment, Inc.

Item Development Analyst  at   Core Education & Technologies Limited
February 2013  -  April 2013  (3 months)

- Supported the Dubai office of CORE ECS for item development training including vertical alignment
 (cognitive leveling) of items, universal design for assessment, and how to write items that align 100% to
 standards.
- Supported the company's responses to RFPs in regards to future assessment development.

Test Development Design Analyst  at   CORE ECS
April 2012  -  February 2013  (11 months)

- Designed internal processes and tools that the company uses to create items and tests for U.S. markets.
- Designed training program for item writers, test developers, and alignment specialists.
- Designed and managed the successful creation of an item bank of 7,182 items aligned to the Common Core
 State Standards for both Mathematics and English Language Arts.

Senior Managing Editor  at   CORE K12
October 2010  -  April 2012  (1 year 7 months)

- Managed 45% of CORE K12 product using follow-the-sun staffing model with a 5 person in-office
 team and 50 freelance content developers and editors, QA personnel, IT professionals, and administrative
 assistants.
- 100% client renewal rate; 44% expansion of contracts rate; 98% accuracy rate. Developed, managed, and
 delivered products for multi-million dollar contracts focused on educational assessment and data around the
 country.
- Standardized processes and increased efficiency by 33% by streamlining communication between multiple
 departments both in- and out-of-house.
- 100% on-time project delivery.
- Provided guidance on development of online systems and proprietary databases.
- Interfaced with clients directly to interpret, apply, and deliver changes based on unique needs and
 requirements.

Owner  at   Imaginary Theatricals
October 2007  -  October 2010  (3 years 1 month)

- Designed, created, coded, or consulted on the original websites of marisamichelson.com,
 stephaniejohnstone.com, tripp-pettigrew.com, bewelltherapies.com, jacobisadog.com, bushwickleaders.org,
 beverlyhillstransfer.com, beverlyhillsboxstore.com.
- Coded HTML and JavaScript through Notepad and Dreamweaver.
- Designed original hand-drawn graphics in the Adobe Creative Suite.
- 100% client satisfaction rate.

Page2

Actor  at   Actor's Equity
June 2001  -  September 2010  (9 years 4 months)

Math Content Specialist  at   The Princeton Review
October 2006  -  March 2009  (2 years 6 months)

- Reviewed and finalized 50% of content published by The Princeton Review's K12 department.
- Independently created 5% of products and increased efficiency by 25%.

Languages
Japanese

Skills & Expertise
Microsoft Office
Adobe Creative Suite
HTML
XML
HTML/XML
HTML + CSS
C++
Developing Client Relationships
Account Management
Communication Written
Oral Communications
Client Retention
Client Communication
Client Interfacing
Databases
Project Delivery
On Time Delivery
Independent
Editorial
Education Management
Educational Leadership
Customer Retention
Academic Publishing
Project Management
Educational Technology
Content Development
Teaching
Delivery Performance
Staff Development
CRM
Editing

Page3

Copy Editing
Proofreading
E-Learning
Curriculum Design
Publishing
Instructional Design
Content Management
Research
Books
Creative Writing
Management
Software Documentation
Online Publishing
Ebooks
Curriculum Development
Grammar

Education
Smartly
Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services, 2016 - 2016
New York University
Bachelor's Degree, Drama, 2001 - 2004
Activities and Societies:  Graduated with Honors in 3 years

Certifications
Certified Move Consultant
American Moving and Storage Association       March 2014
Certified Office and Industrial Consultant
American Moving and Storage Association       March 2014

Organizations
Professional Sales Association
May 2013 to Present

Page4

Tripp Pettigrew-Rolapp
Franchise Owner at SMARTBOX Portable Storage

5 people have recommended Tripp

"I had the pleasure of meeting Tripp when he provided a move estimate for a company I worked for. In
addition to providing exceptional customer service, Tripp is professional, reliable, and responsive. Through
the course of further collaboration, I have come to greatly appreciate Tripp's intelligence, thoughtful and
considerate personality, and his ability to excel at anything he sets his mind to."

— Melissa (McManigal) Hassler, Operations Manager - LA, Giant Interactive, was Tripp's client

"As VP, Content Development at The Princeton Review/CORE K12 from 2006 to 2010, I hired Tripp
Pettigrew as a contractor on a regular basis to help fulfill custom content requirements for our school district
clients. Tripp’s major areas of expertise were science and math, but he has that rare quality of also having
exceptional ELA knowledge. He is a talented writer and thorough and effective editor, having a special eye
for quality. His work was always superb and on time. I could always depend on him to exceed expectations
in both quality of work and timelines. Our clients were always satisfied and impressed with his expertise. I
recommend him highly."

— Roseann Freet, was Tripp's client

"After working closely with Tripp for several years I would be more than happy to recommend him. In his
current position as Senior Managing Editor at Core K12, he has and continues to excel. He is confident and
dedicated to his work and consistently delivers quality projects ahead of schedule. He is always willing to
accept a new challenge and is continually developing his professional skills. Tripp has not only developed
his own abilities but has trained and managed one of the strongest editorial teams within the company to
date. He never hesitates to lend a helping hand in other departments, is always reliable and is a consummate
professional."

— Alisha LoRe, worked directly with Tripp at CORE K12

"It is a genuine pleasure and honor for me to recommend Tripp Pettigrew-Rolapp. Tripp and I have worked
together at CORE K12 Education during the past 3 years. He began as a contractor in the Assessment Content
Department, writing items for assessments and later was promoted to Managing Editor, then to Senior
Managing Editor. Over the years, I have spent considerable time with him as were were assigned to many of
the same projects. He is very goal oriented, punctual, and pays close attention to detail. I have consistently

Page5

seen Tripp take on complex projects and deliver results that can only be accomplished through management
the of countless details while not losing sight of the overall goals of the project. Tripp demonstrated that
he understood what our business is all about from a very early point. He truly enjoys a challenge and does
not hesitate to find answers. He proactively communicates solutions before things become a problem and is
always willing to take on any task asked of him - both large and small. It is wonderful that Tripp is available
for new challenges and further professional growth. We would love to see him stay, but certainly understand
his need to advance beyond. In closing, let me say I have no hesitation in recommending Tripp for any
management position. I feel confident that he would be an asset to your organization. Sincerely, Anne
d'Epagnier"

— Anne d'Epagnier Molina, worked with Tripp at CORE K12

"I have worked with Tripp at CORE for several years now. When Tripp was promoted to managing the math
group, I was thrilled and have been very happy with the work he has produced and the way he has led our
group ever since. I have worked in this position for over 4 years, for many different managers, and Tripp
has been, far and away, the best one of the bunch. Tripp cares deeply about producing quality products to
ensure the results align with each of our client's specific wishes. He is very knowledgeable in the content, the
workings of CORE, and the wishes of each of our various clients. When I have questions or opinions about
how best to complete a project, Tripp is quick to respond (regardless of the time of day), respectful, helpful,
and knowledgeable with his answers. He always seems to value my contributions and supports back and forth
conversations about how we can best work as a team to produce the best quality products that we can. Any
company would be extremely fortunate to have Tripp working for them."

— Maren Wood Piedrahita, reported to Tripp at CORE K12

Contact Tripp on LinkedIn

Page6

