Trisha Hautéa
Harvard Medical School

Summary

GROUP EXHIBITIONS
2015 –  Featured Local Artist, The Table, Cambridge, MA
All Art Matters, Pi Art Society, Allston, MA
Graduating Students Exhibition, Barbara and Stephen Grossman Gallery, Boston, MA
All School Annual Juried Drawing Show, School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, MA 
Mostra II, Erbaluce, 69 Church Street, Boston, MA
2014 – All School Annual Juried Drawing Show, School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, MA
A Group Show, Gallery 353, Boston, MA  
A Drawing Show, School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, MA
2013 – Juried Annual Drawing Show, Weems Center (SMFA) Boston 
2011 –Rapid Eye Movement, Fiorello H. LaGuardia, New York, NY 

COLLABORATIVE PROJECTS  
2016  – Telling Stories of Resistance, Fossil Fuel Divestment Student Network Zine
2015 – Tufts Public Art Flash Collective, Museum Without Walls, Medford, MA
 (with Avram Finklestein of Gran Fury; Funded by the Massachusetts Cultural Council)
Breakthrough, Tufts Undergraduate Science Magazine (Volume V, Issue III), Medford, MA 
Breakthrough, Tufts Undergraduate Science Magazine (Volume V, Issue II), Medford, MA 
2014 – Artistry Magazine (Northeastern University), Boston, MA 

PERFORMANCES
2015 – On Kawara: Silence, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York, NY  
2011 – Meredith Monk & Vocal Ensemble Performance, Fiorello H. LaGuardia, New York, NY

Experience
Personal Genetics Education Project (pgEd) Intern  at   Harvard Medical School
January 2016  -  Present (7 months)

Experiment in Art Science Engagement (EASE) Artist-in-Residence  at   Harvard Medical School
January 2016  -  Present (7 months)

Student Teacher & Substitute Teacher, Visual Arts Department  at   The Newman School
January 2016  -  May 2016  (5 months)

Page1

Program Facilitator  at   Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
December 2015  -  May 2016  (6 months)

Visual Arts Department Teaching Assistant  at   The Newman School
January 2015  -  May 2016  (1 year 5 months)

• Worked one on one with students to assist them with developing project ideas and with improving technical
 skills.
• Developed and implemented lesson plans for the classroom.
• Researched scholarship and exhibition opportunities alongside the supervising teacher to coordinate student
 participation.

Student Teacher  at   Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
October 2015  -  December 2015  (3 months)

Graduate Research and Teaching Assistant  at   School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Tufts University
September 2015  -  December 2015  (4 months)

List Visual Arts Center Intern  at   Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
June 2015  -  September 2015  (4 months)

• Designed and conducted public guided tours, gallery talks, art-making workshops, and family programs to
 acquaint individuals with M.I.T.’s exhibition-related events and public artwork.
• Worked alongside PR/Marketing/Social Media/ and Curatorial departments; planned and prepared
advertising and promotional material for distribution.

Telecommunications Associate for RuffaoCODY  at   Northeastern University
February 2013  -  April 2014  (1 year 3 months)

• Utilized a donor centric approach to efficiently and effectively communicate the goals and objectives of
 the university to Alumni and Donors, in order to meet the philanthropic goals in terms of annual contacts,
 pledges, and financial support.

Skills & Expertise
Teaching
Education
Creative Entrepreneurship
Research
Visual Arts
Fine Art
PowerPoint
Civic Engagement
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Excel
Public Speaking

Page2

Microsoft Word
Social Media
Adobe Photoshop

Education
Tufts University
Masters of Arts in Teaching (MAT), Education, 2015 - 2016
University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies, 2015
Tufts University
Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA), Art History, Criticism and Conservation, 2011 - 2015
School of the Museum of Fine Arts
Fine and Studio Arts, 2011 - 2015
Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts
Visual and Performing Arts, 2007 - 2011

Interests
business building, entrepreneurial strategies, sustainable development, political science, research

Organizations
Jonathan M. Tisch College of Citizenship and Public Service: Leonard Carmichael Society (LCS)
September 2013 to Present
Students for a Just and Stable Future (SJSF)
Member
November 2012 to December 2014

Researched environmental sustainability issues, concerns, and stakeholder interests.

Tufts Climate Action
Facilitator, Member
September 2014 to September 2015

• Directed, motivated, and monitored the mobilization of the campaign team to advance campaign goals.
• Assembled and communicated with a diverse coalition of organizations, securing their cooperation, support
 and action, to further campaign goals.
• Developed strategies to encourage new or increased student involvement
• Designed and created materials such as posters to promote, market, and advertise fundraising events.
• Executed strategies to address issues such as energy use, resource conservation, recycling, & pollution
 reduction.
Tufts Divest
Member
October 2014 to October 2015

Page3

• Monitored and evaluated effectiveness of sustainability while collaborating with different members of the
 organization.
• Evaluated and approve proposals for sustainability projects, considering factors such as cost
effectiveness, technical feasibility, and integration with other initiatives.
Northeastern University Husky Environmental Action Team (HEAT)
January 2014 to January 2015

• Developed strategies to encourage new or increased contributions to the organization.
• Worked behind the scenes helping build solidarity between different groups around campuses.
• Recruited sponsors, participants, and volunteers for various events that promoted sustainability.

Northeastern University Divestment Campaign (NU Divest)
December 2013 to January 2015

• Attended community events, meetings, and conferences to promote organizational goals and sponsorships.
• Worked in conjunction with different colleges and universities around Boston and the greater Boston area
 such as Tufts and Harvard University.
• Overseen the development of marketing and outreach media for sustainability projects or events.

Fossil Fuel Student Divestment Network
Contributor
June 2015 to Present
Student Government Association (SGA)
MAT Student Representative
October 2015 to Present
Student Government Association (SGA)
Chair of Exhibitions Committee
October 2015 to Present
President's Working Group on Racism and Bias
Graduate Student Representative
December 2015 to Present

Volunteer Experience
Coordinator, Volunteer  at   LCS Food Rescue
January 2014  -  December 2015

• Provided direct service and support to individuals and clients, such as handling referrals for different
 farmers markets, and resolving complaints.
•  Distributed and allocated leftover produce from grocery stores such as Whole Foods and Trader Joe's, as
 well as farmers markets, to different homeless shelters in the Boston and Medford areas.
• Established standards for the organization and assistance.

Love Out Loud (LOL) Carnival Facilitator  at   Berklee College of Music
May 2013  -  Present

Page4

• Organized (LOL) for the Berklee community
• Developed budgeting strategies for the event 

Volunteer  at   LCS Shelters
September 2014  -  December 2015

Shelters volunteers local citizens who are in underprivileged situations. Working closely with the Somerville
 Homeless Coalition we visit with individuals in local shelters, and help to run collections and drives on
 campus to meet peoples’ needs. 

Volunteer  at   Jonathan M. Tisch College of Citizenship and Public Service: Leonard Carmichael Society
(LCS)
2012  -  Present

• Responded to different needs for various shelters and charities affiliated with LCS
• Practiced interpersonal skills while being adaptable and reliable in dynamic situations

Volunteer  at   List Visual Arts Center
September 2015  -  Present

Volunteer  at   Tribeca Film Festival NYC, LLC
2010  -  Present

Volunteer  at   Tufts Community Day
October 2014  -  Present

Provided a variety of materials and resources for children to explore, manipulate, and use, both in art making
 and in imaginative play.

Cambridge Arts River Festival Staff  at   Cambridge Arts Council
June 2015  -  Present

• Tent and Booth set up
• Festival signage and banner hanging for traffic, vendors & banners
• Vendor assistance and vehicle traffic control
• Art and stage installation assistance

Languages
English
Filipino
French

Projects
Public Art Flash Collective
March 2015 to Present
Members:Trisha Hautéa

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Limited working proficiency)
(Elementary proficiency)

Page5

Tufts University Art Gallery and the Tisch College of Citizenship and Public Service at Tufts hosted a public
 art project for the Tufts' Medford campus, informed by the themes of the "Race, Inequality, and Action"
 forum organized by the Provost's Office. 

The project was led by New York-based activist artist Avram Finkelstein, who is best known for his work
 with the artist's collective Gran Fury during the 1980s-90s AIDS epidemic in the U.S.

Private Commissions
2009 to Present
Members:Trisha Hautéa

The money gained from personal and individual visual art commissions go abroad; so far the money has
 helped rebuild a church and shelter in the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan.

Page6

Trisha Hautéa
Harvard Medical School

Contact Trisha on LinkedIn

Page7

