TT Haswiny Deva
Business Intern at Hays

Summary

A recent graduate from the School of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University with an interest in
 Human Resources and Business. Seeking opportunities to build upon my previous experiences and add value to
 an organization's data analytics, recruiting or talent management efforts. 

Experience
Recruitment Intern  at   Hays
July 2016  -  Present (1 month)

Events Manager - Townhouses  at   Cornell University
January 2015  -  December 2015  (1 year)

- Managed all aspects of the Townhouse Community Center building and space use inventory
- Coordinated allocations and requests for space usage with various groups
- Maintained online calendar and reservation forms

Residential Advisor  at   Cornell University Residential and New Student Programs
August 2014  -  December 2015  (1 year 5 months)

English Teacher  at   Bibo Global Opportunity
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

Provided English lessons to Japanese professionals.

Residential Community Advisor  at   Cornell University
June 2013  -  August 2015  (2 years 3 months)

Served as a community educator for a group of 30 residents. 
Assisted in crisis support involving over 200 residents. 
Completed administrative tasks including individual weekly reports on each of the 30 residents. 

Student Intern - Charter Day Project  at   Cornell Human Resources
June 2014  -  May 2015  (1 year)

Executive Recruitment Intern  at   IAC
January 2015  -  January 2015  (1 month)

Participated in Investopedia CEO search efforts. Successfully created model to evaluate candidate fit based
 on previous experience. As a result, significantly increased number of qualified candidates pooled for
 interviews. 

Page1

House Office Assistant  at   Hans Bethe House, Cornell University
August 2013  -  May 2014  (10 months)

Service Desk Assistant  at   Noyes Recreation Center, Cornell University
June 2013  -  May 2014  (1 year)

Production Management Assistant  at   Traxmedia Sdn. Bhd.
November 2011  -  February 2012  (4 months)

Director of Human Resources  at   iWonder Enterprise (an AMCHAM Young Entrepreneurs' Company)
January 2010  -  December 2010  (1 year)

Accountable for developing and executing HR strategy for this student-run organization. Primarily
 responsible for creation of a total rewards system. Lead the implementation of a pay-for-performance plan
 backed by a formal appraisal procedure. 

Skills & Expertise
Human Resources
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Office
Data Analysis
Public Speaking
Research
Leadership
Microsoft Word
Customer Service
Higher Education
Social Media
Event Planning
Event Management
Editing
Data Analytics
Recruiting
PowerPoint
Community Outreach
Organization Skills
Talent Acquisition

Volunteer Experience
Nano Fair Volunteer  at   Sciencenter
March 2014  -  Present

Academic Plus Program Tutor  at   Beverly J Martin Elementary School

Page2

March 2015  -  December 2015

Provided after school academic assistance to children aged 4-12 on subjects including English, Math and
 Science.

Languages
English
Malay
Tamil
Indonesian

(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Native or bilingual proficiency)
(Elementary proficiency)
(Limited working proficiency)

Courses
Bachelor of Science (BS), Industrial and Labor
Relations
Cornell University
Human Resource Analytics
ILRHR 4664
Finance
HADM 2250
Introduction to U.S. Labor History
ILRLR 1100
Socially Responsible Business
ILRHR 4615
Staffing Organizations
ILRHR 4620
Introduction to Macroeconomics
ECON 1120
Introduction to Feminist Gender and Sexuality Studies FGSS 2010
Collective Bargaining
ILRLR 2050
Financial Accounting
HADM 2230
Essential Desktop Applications
ILRHR 2660
Advanced Desktop Applications
ILRHR 4699
Business Strategy
ILRHR 4640
Global Comparative Disability Policy
ILRIC 4360
Argumentation and Debate
ILRLR 2300
Controversies about Inequality
ILROB 2220
Race and Public Policy
SOC 3370
The History of Consumption
ILRLR 3870
Introduction to Organizational Behavior
ILROB 1220
Human Resource Management
ILRHR 2600
Pay
ILRHR 2020
Economics of Wages & Employment
ILRLE 2400
Labor & Employment Law
ILRLR 2010
 
.................................................................................................................................................................

Page3

 
Independent Coursework
 
Applied Finite Mathematics
 
Introduction to Information Technology
 
Introduction to Marketing
 
Human Relations in Administration

MAT130

IT100

MKT113

OL125

Education
Cornell University
Bachelor of Science (BS), Industrial and Labor Relations, 2013 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  Cornell Gourmet Club, Campus Connection, Hans Bethe House Council, Red Carpet
 Society, CU IMAGE, National Residence Hall Honorary (NRHH)

Page4

TT Haswiny Deva
Business Intern at Hays

6 people have recommended TT Haswiny

"Do you wish your HR department had an individual who is able to understand everyone quickly? Haswiny
is that person. Haswiny surprised me countless times with her interpersonal skills as a Resident Advisor
working alongside me. Her conflict resolution skills, innate understanding of individual motivations, and
her strong work ethic will make her an incredible asset to any company's HR department. Even if your HR
department currently has enough talent, you would be well advised to invest in Haswiny--do not miss the
opportunity. If you are looking to build your HR team--I recommend you contact her without hesitation and
you will see for yourself!"

— Benjamin Peters, Resident Advisor, Cornell University, worked directly with TT Haswiny at Cornell
University Residential and New Student Programs

"Haswiny is by far one of the most caring and genuine people I have ever met. She takes the time to get
to know you as a person and really cares about the well-being and success of others. In addition, her work
ethic is simply amazing. She is able to balance a large quantity of work without the quality being affected.
In addition, she is self motivated and self sufficient. There has been many times when a task or deadline was
given and not all the steps were written out. Haswiny needs very little direction to be successful. Furthermore,
she is an amazing team player and really works to make sure the staff in is harmony and working towards our
goals! Her personality of being very approachable and caring combined with her directness allows her to be a
very effective role model and leader!"

— Karli Sue Buday, Residence Hall Director, Cornell University, managed TT Haswiny at Cornell
University Residential and New Student Programs

"As a Residential Community Advisor Haswiny was very hardworking, organized, and detail oriented.
Haswiny truly made an effort to get to know each of her residents as she had one of the largest halls.
Her genuineness and authenticity shines on staff as she works well on a team while going above the job
expectations. As a true leader on staff she is the first to reach out a hand if others need help in their role
whether that be fellow Residential Community Advisors or myself as the supervisor."

— Amie Archambault, Summer Hall Director, Cornell University, managed TT Haswiny at Cornell
University

Page5

"Haswiny was a very dedicated RCA when we worked together. I valued her thoughtfulness when dealing
with our many residents. She was very organized with having the information from her residents 1:1s.
She was also a team player, in that she was always willing to do more to help her coworkers if they felt
overwhelmed or just needed some support. "

— Lorayah Lenore, Head Resident for Summer College Program, Cornell University, managed TT
Haswiny at Cornell University

"TT is brilliant! She is extremely sharp, detail oriented and constantly thinks out of the box. As an intern, TT
needed very little to no direction when it came to market analysis and candidate research for our Executive
Search endeavors. She is a pleasure to work with and raised the bar for our entire HR department. Thanks
to her, we quickly closed a CEO search which we were working on for several months prior to her joining.
Although TT is very early in her career, she is highly knowledgeable and an expert in all things related to
Total Rewards. She left everyone very impressed at her ability to not just comprehend our programs but was
easily able to connect the dots in relation to financial and business wins. A highly impressive woman and true
asset to any team. TT will very quickly be an admired Chief People Officer."

— Sharfi Farhana, HR Business Partner, IAC, managed TT Haswiny at IAC

"Haswiny is a dedicated, knowledgeable, and trustworthy employee. While she worked for me, she worked
with the highest standard and committed herself to do her job 150%. I have no doubt that Haswiny will be
successful in any position she is seeking and I highly recommend her. "

— Jen Gudaz, Noyes Recreation Center Director, Cornell University, managed TT Haswiny indirectly at
Noyes Recreation Center, Cornell University

Contact TT Haswiny on LinkedIn

Page6

