Anushree Raj

Assistant Professor - St Joseph Engineering College Vamanjoor

Mangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anushree-Raj/f0c4952d08ac1e73

Dedicated to creating a positive learning environment and making a difference in students'
lives
Dedicated, resourceful, and innovative instructor who strives to help students change marginal
grades into good grades, and support colleagues and administration in facilitating each child's
social and intellectual growth by creating an atmosphere of mutual respect and open
communication. Exceptional communicator with students and parents, with a caring and diplomatic
manner. Encourage socialization, sportsmanship and team spirit.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
St Joseph Engineering College Vamanjoor  -  Mangalore, Karnataka - 2008 to Present

Spearheaded volunteer program to fulfill a need for student requiring additional assistance
outside the classroom.
· Reviewed numerous classroom assessment methods and techniques- adopted effective
tools that were compliant with the board.
· Recognized the need for appropriate pacing and delay time to ensure all students
understood.
· Ensured the best possible student experience through: the fulfillment of the Institution's
responsibilities concerning students in respect of their admission, instruction, progress and examination
· Achieved cent percent results from students in any subjects thought so far.

St Joseph Engineering College Vamanjoor Mangalore
HOD Incharge - MCA department from Jan 2013 to Sep 2016 (period of 3 years and 9 months)
Responsibilities
· Lead, managed and developed the department to ensure it achieves the highest possible
standards of excellence in all its activities.
· Exercised leadership, to demonstrate vision, and empower others in order to deliver the agreed departmental
strategy within the Faculty. Recognized the methods by which the
department carried out their duties and the extent of delegation.
· Convened and led a multi-discipline committee to address sustainability in college operations.
· Actively contributed for the Program Accreditation Committee and Students Placement Activity

Assistant Lecturer
National Institute of Technology  -  Mangalore, Karnataka - 2006 to 2008

Fostered students' commitment to lifelong learning by connecting course materials to broader themes
and current events.
·  Demonstrated  a  continued  commitment  to  postgraduate  teaching  through  full  participation  in  the  college
community.
· Was a part of organising team, ADCOM International Conference in the year 2006

Software Developer
Openera Technologies Pvt Ltd  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - 2005 to 2005

Worked on Symbian OS to develop VoIP applications for Nokia handsets.

PROFESSIONAL PROSPECT
· 11 years teaching experience with 3.5 years as HOD Incharge - MCA Department
· Attended various HOD meetings at different region at the board level.
· Attended National Conferences on various domains.
· IBM Certified on OOAD using Rational Software.
· Was invited as Chief Guest and Judge for Technical events by nearby colleges.
· Chaired various College level and Department level programs.
· Enrolled in active research.
· Guided student's projects, on various platforms.

EDUCATION

PhD in guidance
Visvesvaraia Institute of Technology  -  Belgaum, Karnataka
2015

Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications
National Institute of Technology
2005

BSc in Computer Science
St Aloysius  -  Mangalore, Karnataka
2002

Canara PU College  -  Mangalore, Karnataka
1999

SKILLS

Computer graphics, photoshop, c# and other project related programming languages (10+ years)

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

IBM certified

