Arockia S

Assistant Professor - Nagaphooshanam Fastners

Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arockia-S/a637b4d381c9239a

I am a highly motivated person who's ready to use my educational background and skills to impart knowledge
to learners by using modern and traditional approaches to develop the learner's skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
Nagaphooshanam Fastners  -  Tiruchchirappalli, Tamil Nadu - July 2010 to Present

Pavendar Bharathidasan College of Engineering and Technology, Trichy since July 2010 onwards

Computer Skills

• C, C++
• Matlab

• Java
• C# and .Net

Area of Interest

• Data Structure
• Operating System
• Distributed Systems
• Component Based Technology

PG - Academic Project
SECURE  DISTRIBUTED  CLIENT  CACHE  INVALIDATION  ON  TRUST  BASED  WIRELESS  MOBILE
NETWORKS
A mobile ad hoc network (MANET) is a self-configuring infra structureless network of mobile devices connected
by wireless. Each device in a MANET is free to move independently in any direction, and will therefore change
its links to other devices frequently. Each must forward traffic unrelated to its own use, and therefore be a
router. These mobile devices are characterized by limited resources, high mobility, transient availability, and
lack of direct access to the data source. Data caching is essential in MANET because it increases the ability
of mobile devices to access desired data, and improves overall system performance.
Maintaining the data consistency between cache client and source is the main issue in MANET because of
frequent updates in the data of source. In general three types of cache consistency mechanisms are used.
They are push based (server-based), pull based (client-based) and hybrid (both) mechanisms. In Proposed
System pull based algorithm to provide strong consistency for the data.

Administrative Officer
Nagaphooshanam Fastners  -  Tiruchchirappalli, Tamil Nadu - July 2008 to Present

2008 to

EDUCATION

Master of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering
Pavendar Bharathidasan College of Engineering and Technology, Anna University  -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu
2014

Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering
SCAD College of Engineering and Technology, Anna University  -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu
2008

Higher Secondary School at ST Joseph Higher Secondary School
2004

SSLC
ST Joseph Higher Secondary School
2002

