Bhavana Thomas

Seeking assignments in Software Quality Assurance/Testing

Kochi, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Bhavana-Thomas/05e0c8a3cc5896fe

Intending to build a career with leading corporate of competent environment with committed and dedicated
people, which will help me to explore myself to the maximum and realize my potential. Seeking assignments
in Software Quality Assurance/Testing with Leading IT Companies.

PROFESSIONAL PROFICIENCY
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant professor (ad-hoc)
Government Engineering College Wayanad - June 2012 to October 2014

Assistant Professor(ad-hoc)
Govt Engineering College, Wayanad  -  Manathavady - June 2012 to October 2014

•  Attended  a  Short  Term  Training  Program  on  Communication  Network  and  Security  conducted  by  CSE
Department of GEC Wayanad in February 25th - March 2nd 2013.
• Attended a seminar on Research Perspectives on Mobile Adhoc networks conducted by Velalar College of
Engineering and Technology in 2011

ACHIVEMENTS
•  Presented  a  paper  about  A  Lightweight  Concurrent  Fault  Detection  Scheme  for  The  AES  in  a  National
conference conducted by KSR College of Engineering & Technology, Erode in 2012.
•  Presented  a  paper  about  A  Lightweight  Concurrent  Fault  Detection  Scheme  for  The  AES  in  a  National
conference conducted by VCET, Erode in 2012.
•  Presented  a  paper  about  Efficient  Fault  Detection  Scheme  for  Reliable  AES  Architecture  in  a  National
conference"  Emerging  Trends  in  Electrical  Trends"  conducted  by  IRTT  (Institute  of  Road  and  Transport
Technology), Erode in 2011.
• Have represented and won prizes in various Science and Mathematics Exhibitions in school and district level.

Software Trainee
Mist Allianz  -  Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala - September 2009 to June 2010

Technical Skills
• Exposure in automated & manual software testing, writing and executing test cases.
• Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies and Testing using Automated Testing
Tools.
• Deep knowledge in Black Box Testing, Functional Testing, Performance, Load and Stress Testing
• Adept in testing software products and handling projects efficiently for delivering the required applications
in a very systematic way.
• Excellent communication & interpersonal skills with abilities in resolving complex software issues.

EDUCATION

Embedded System Technology

Anna University of Technology, Chennai at Velalar College of Engineering and Technology  -  Erode, Tamil
Nadu
2010 to 2012

B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering
Cochin University of Science and Technology at College of Engineering Adoor  -  Pathanamthitta, Kerala
2005 to 2009

Science
S.K.M.J Higher Secondary School  -  Kalpetta, Kerala
2002 to 2004

S.S.L.C
State Board of Kerala at A.G.H.S
2002

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Operating Systems: Windows […] Linux
Languages: C, Java, PHP, 8085, 8086 (Assembly
Language), VHDL
DBMS: My SQL, SQL Server, PLSQL
Web Media: HTML, XML
Packages: MS -Office
Tool: Eclipse, Net Beans, Adobe Dream viewer,
Photoshop, Flash
Testing: Manual testing, QTP, QC

