Himnandini Dubey

Asst. Professor (CSE) - Name

Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Himnandini-Dubey/7b5c29d9de87f490

1.  A  progressive  and  multitalented  lecturer  with  extensive  practical  knowledge  having  2+  year  teaching
experience.
2. Proficient in giving practical knowledge.
3. Providing the real time knowledge about technology.
4. Experience in Software Development in JAVA and .Net during my Academic projects.

Personality Traits
1. Excellent Presentation, motivational and leadership skills.
2. Ability to handle the students.
3. Ability to provide quality knowledge.
4. Confident & Patience.
5. Committed team player with strong analytical and problem solving skills, and ability to quickly adapt to new
environments and technologies.
6. Honest, hardworking and dedicated to carrier growth.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Asst. Professor (CSE)
Name  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - February 2017 to Present

Role & Responsibilities:
1. Mentoring and guiding students for their final year projects.
2. Participating in campus and community events.
3. Preparing teaching material and utilizing it for the progress of students.
4. Identifying student's issues, problems and provide solution.
5. Introducing new ideas to improve students understand ability.
6. Giving power point presentation in college faculty forum on chosen topic.

Guest faculty in ICT
Name  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - July 2016 to January 2017

Role & Responsibilities:
1. Provide conceptual knowledge and make them visualize the things.
2. Providing guidance on various aspects of the subjects.
3. Participating in campus and community events.
4. Preparing teaching material and utilizing it for the progress of students.
5. Identify student's issues, problems and provide solution.
6. Introducing new ideas to improve students understand ability.

Lecturer
Name  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - February 2012 to September 2013

Role & Responsibilities
1. Manage the power point presentation for students.
2. Provide conceptual knowledge and make them visualize the things
3. Identify the weak points of students, Provide support to weak students.

4.  Researching  on  different  subjects  and  submitting  the  research  papers  to  the  education  management
committee.
5. Analysing the material for the students and providing them guidance on various aspects of the subjects.
6. Preparing teaching material and utilizing it for the progress of students.
7. Participating in campus and community events.
8. Participate in student recruitment, registration activities
9. Worked in Admission Cell Department.
10. Handled responsibilities of collection of registration forms.
11. Coordinated cultural activities.

Subjects Taught
Computer Programming, computer graphics, web technology, discrete mathematics, database management
system.

Achievement
1. 100% result in all classes.
2. Certificate of Research paper selected in International conference on "Emerging Trends in CS & IT (software
cost estimation framework using D&CApproach

Paper published
1. "Natural language inference and expert system" published in IJSRD e-journal volume 2 issue 6 in Aug 2014.
ISSN 2321-0613
2. "Analytical hierarchy process to optimize distribution network".
3. "Different attacks in Manets and their performance analysis".
4. "Knowledge acquisition for semantic network".

EDUCATION

B.Tech in Computer science & engg
2. B.Tech  -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
2011

Diploma in engineering
Government Polytechnic  -  Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh

SKILLS

MS office,Database

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Software Proficiency
Operating Systems: Windows […]
Web Platforms: Microsoft .Net. (ASP.NET, C#.NET, ADO.NET)
Web technologies: HTML, XHTML, CSS and JavaScript.
RDBMS: MS-Access, SQL server

