Mamta Bansal

Assistant Professor - Shobhit University

Meerut, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mamta-Bansal/8936771f696cd7ca

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
Shobhit University  -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh - November 2004 to Present

Meerut.

Lecturer at College of Professional Education
College of Professional Education  -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh - July 1998 to October 2004

Lecturer at School of Art and Fashion
School of Art and Fashion  -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh - January 1998 to June 1998

for different courses of Computer Applications.

Lecturer at TUPLES
TUPLES  -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh - January 1997 to January 1998

for Multimedia Applications.

Lecturer at 3-D Universal Coaching Institute
Computer Organization and Architecture  -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh - July 1994 to December 1996

for different courses of Computer Applications.

Subjects Taught:
• Programming using C, C++, C#, Visual Basic and Java
• Computer Organization and Architecture
• Database Management System
• Computer Networking
• Software Engineering
• Software Project Management
• System Analysis and Design
• Artificial Intelligence
• Multimedia Technology
• Client Server Technology
• Management Information System

Industrial Experience:

Programmer
Morgardshammer India Limited  -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh - September 1987 to December 1989

Modipuram, It is a joint venture of Modi group and VOLVO group of Sweden, engaged in manufacturing of
rolling equipment. Designed and developed software for the organization. On successful implementation, I
was responsible for their maintenance and conducted training programs for operators. The following projects
were undertaken:
• Inventory Management

• Payroll Management
• Financial Accounting

Research:
Pursuing Ph.D. in Computer Science from Shobhit University, Meerut. The topic of Ph. D. is "Constraint Based
Data Mining for Intelligent Decision Making".

EDUCATION

M Tech
Shobhit University  -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh
2009

MCA
IGNOU  -  Delhi, Delhi
2004

M.Sc. in Computer Science
M.D. University Rohtak  -  Rohtak, Haryana
2002

Diploma in DTP
Shobhit University Publication  -  Delhi, Delhi
2000

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Over 18 years experience of Teaching in educational Institutions

Skills:

• Strong foundation and knowledge of Computer.
• Systematic Approach.
• Efficient in team work

