N. Rakesh

Assistant Professor

Maddurnagar, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/N-Rakesh/9e4f881e74da6fba

To pursue a challenging career that will allow the growth and give a chance to enhance my skills by virtue
of my sincerity and dedication.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
GITAM University  -  Bangalore, Karnataka - August 2014 to June 2017

Assistant Professor
AVR&SVR Engineering College  -  Kurnool, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN - July 2012 to September 2013

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: C, C++
Database: SQL

SUBJECTS TAUGHT
➢ Artificial intelligence and machine learning
➢ Formal Languages and automata theory
➢ Compiler Design
➢ Programming with C
➢ Data Structures
➢ Database Management System

ACHIEVEMENTS
➢ Qualified in Gate 2012 and Secured 92 Percentile.
➢ Qualified in Gate 2010 and Secured 88 Percentile.
➢ Secured 6.5 score in IELTS 2016.
➢ Qualified in APSET (State Level Eligibility Test) for Assistant Professor, October 2016.

EDUCATION

M Tech in Computer Science
Birla Institute of Technology
2012

Science & Engineering
G. Pulla Reddy Engineering College  -  Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh, IN
2009

Intermediate
Narayana Junior College  -  Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh, IN
2005

SSC
Sri Manik High School  -  Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh, IN

2002

SKILLS

algorithm (Less than 1 year), C (1 year), sensor (Less than 1 year), sensors (Less than 1 year), Wireless
(Less than 1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technologies C++

Summary of Thesis in brief:
In  Wireless  sensor  networks,  the  sensed  data  is  collected  and  transmitted  to  the  base  station  in  the  form
of Data Gathering tree. If the number of Data Gathering Trees created for each cycle is more, it affects the
performance of the entire network. Here only one data gathering tree for each cycle is constructed in order
to optimize the network performance. Power Optimality is achieved by considering heterogeneous sensors
i.e., activating high energy sensors at last reporting round of each reporting cycle. This causes merging of 3
DGT's into one-substantially reducing the total message overhead and this data gathering tree is constructed
using proposed algorithm which is a modification of Efficient Data Gathering (EDGE) protocol. It conserves
the limited resources of the sensors and avoids both flooding and periodic updating of routing packets.

