Pallavi Munihanumaiah

Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pallavi-Munihanumaiah/5c341833b27ef19d

Aiming  at  excellence  in  the  working  field  through  hard  work,  dedication  and  honesty  at  challenging
environment. To acquire an entry level position in the college where i can use my good teaching skills for the
better development of the students.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
Nitte Meenakshi Institute of Technology - July 2013 to September 2014

Department: Computer Science (PG)
Currently Working Organization: Sri Vinayaka Vidya Kendra

Project Scientist
Slum-Free City-Extraction - October 2012 to June 2013

Project Description: Slum-Free City-Extraction of base layers and built up on Quick Board image. Quality check
of Total Station Survey producing DWG maps, superimposing the same on Quick Board satellite imaginary
to cross verify the slum boundary. Layout composition for MIS data collection, GIS conversion and defining
projection.GIS and MIS integration, layout making.

EDUCATION

Master of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering
Nitte Meenakshi Institute of Technology  -  Bangalore, Karnataka
2012

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering
Atria Institute of Technology
2010

St.Anne's Pre-University College for girls
2006

SSLC
Sri Vinayaka Vidya Kendra School
2004

AWARDS

Awarded for excellence in academics
April 2012

PUBLICATIONS

“Design and Development of Electronic Health Record Application on Android”
August 2013

Dr H. Sarojadevi, Pallavi Munihanumaiah, B. A. Mohan, S. Ramya and M. Sushma “Design and Development
of  Electronic  Health  Record  Application  on  Android”,  Paper  published  for  publication  in  the  International
Conference on Emerging Research in Computing, Information, Communication and Applications, ERCICA
2013, 2nd to 3rd August 2013, organised by Nitte Meenakshi Institute of Technology, Bangalore.

“Design and Development of Network-based Consumer Applications on Android”
March 2014
Pallavi Munihanumaiah, Dr H. Sarojadevi “Design and Development of Network-based Consumer Applications
on  Android”,  Paper  published  for  Proceedings  of  the  8th  INDIACom;  INDIACom-2014  2014  International
Conference on “Computing for Sustainable Global Development”, 5th– 7th March, 2014, organized by Bharati
Vidyapeeth’s Institute of Computer Applications and Management (BVICAM), New Delhi (INDIA).

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills Languages: PHP, C/C++, Java, HTML, XML.
Operating Systems: Linux, Windows.
Database: Mysql, Oracle 9i
Tools: Eclipse.

