Shah Sweta

Assistant Professor

Vadodara, Gujarat - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shah-Sweta/76582c479a57d6db

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in Information Technology that
offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
The Maharaja Sayajirao University  -  Vadodara, Gujarat - July 2015 to May 2016

Of Baroda,
http://www.msubaroda.ac.in/, Baroda, Gujarat

- Contributed in Curriculum design, Assignments and Exam-Paper setting
- Conducted lectures and practical labs for PG students (MCA and M.Tech.)
- Managed administrative and Assessment tasks as well

ASSISTANTSHIP
GATE Qualified Stipendiary T .A. at Nirma University - July 2013 to May 2015

96.40 %ile in GATE '13)

Developer, Project Trainee
GATE Qualified Stipendiary T .A. at Nirma University  -  Ahmedabad, Gujarat - July 2014 to April 2015

ISRO),
Ahmedabad

EDUCATION

B.E. in Computer Science
The M.S University, Faculty Of Technology and Engineer  -  Gujarat, IN
July 2009 to April 2013

SKILLS

.NET (Less than 1 year), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (Less than 1 year), AJAX
(Less than 1 year), ALGORITHM (Less than 1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SKILLS
Technical
- Primary skills: C, C++, Java, SQL, PL/SQL, CI
- Secondary skills: C# and ASP .NET, HTML, Shell-Script
- Database: Oracle, MySQL, MS Access
- Operating Systems: Windows- XP 7, Fedora, Backtrack
- IDEs: Eclipse, Netbeans, Visual studio

- Tools: Network Simulator, WireShark, Cisco Packet Tracer, Putty, MS Office,
EDraw, Adobe Photoshop, Latex

PROJECTS
7/2014 - 4/2015 Design and Development of Technique and Software for Vision Based Landmark
Detection and Matching, Organization for Indian Space Research Organization,
Ahmedabad
Scope: It enables real time position estimation for the descent lander to land
precisely on scientifically promising but hazardous site. The software localize the
lander by recognizing landmark (craters) in the landing area and match them
positively with the pre-existing landmark database while lander is descending.
Once landmarks are matched with the database, then the position of space-
craft referenced from safe landing site is calculated. According to that position
information spacecraft is navigated to the predetermined landing site.

Work/Responsibilities:
- Literature survey on past missions on lunar landings and used technology for
spacecraft landing
- designed algorithm for crater detection and crater matching
- developed a software based on that algorithms
- tested the software on the different imaging condition
Technology: C++, CImg Library, Netbeans, LaTex
12/2012 - 6/2013 TarGATE Solutions, Web-based solution for competitive exam-preparation with
test series and discussion-forum for B.E Final Year Project
Scope: The system was developed as a part of the final year project in the B.E.
This is basically a platform for the aspirants to prepare for
the competitive exams, take quizzes and tests, discuss the queries in forum, etc.
The students can also view the results in graphical format.

Work/Responsibilities:
- Prepared the design level documents (data-flow diagrams, use-case dia-
grams) for the system
- Prepared the database design and table structures for storing the data, along
with the team.
- Designed and developed the module for quizzes and tests completely.
- Took active participation in developing and testing the other modules of the
system as well.
- Prepared and gave the presentations for the project.
Tools & technologies: Asp.net 4.0, MySql 5.5, Visual studio 2010, AJAX controls
RECOMMENDATIONS
Mr. K Suresh Scientist, Indian Space Research Organization, Ahmedabad
As a Project Trainee, she did an excellent research and development work, She
is very quick in grasping the topic and implementing the same. She has shown
dedication and sincerity in her work.

Prof Sharada Valiveti Department of Computer Science and Engineering Institute of Technology Nirma
University
As a Coordinator of the P .G. Program - M.Tech. In Computer Science and being
a Senior Associate Professor, I feel confident in recommending Sweta's service as

a professional. She is not only thorough, but also reliable, dedicated and easy to
work with.

PERSONAL
Father's Name Ashokbhai B. Darji

to Anant Shah ( IT Analyst, TATA Consultancy Services, Gandhinagar )

