Shikha Moondra

Asst. Professor - Shri L.R.Tiwari College of Engg

Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shikha-Moondra/fdcba8cc661625ec

✓  An  accomplished  professional  with  demonstrated  ability  to  teach,  motivate,  and  direct  students  while
maintaining high interest and achievement
✓ M.Tech with work experience in Computer Science Department.
✓ Gold medallist in B.E Computer Science.
✓ Working as HOD - IT for degree course.
✓ Good academic administration.
✓ Participation in various seminars and symposium at national level.
✓ Total Work Experience 8 years 4 months.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Asst. Professor
Shri L.R.Tiwari College of Engg  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra - July 2012 to Present

Asst. Professor
Bharti Vidyapeeth College of Engg. (BVCOE)  -  Pune, Maharashtra - October 2010 to June 2012

Sr. Lecturer
Marathwada Mitra Mandal's College of Engg  -  Pune, Maharashtra - July 2008 to May 2009

Asst. Professor
Sagar Institute of Technology and Management  -  Sagar, Madhya Pradesh - January 2005 to April 2008

EDUCATION

M.Tech. in Computer Science
Allahabad Agricultural Institute  -  Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh
2006

B.E. in Computer Science
B. R. Ambedkar University  -  Agra, Uttar Pradesh
2003

University / Board

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills
Operating system: WINDOWS XP, 9x /2000, UNIX, DOS.
Languages: C, PL/SQL
GUI: Visual Basic 6.0, Developer 2000
RDBMS: ORACLE 8i, MS Access
Web Related: HTML.

Industrial Training

Payroll System
Organisation: Hindustan Lever Limited Duration: 1 month
Details:  This  project  is  developed  for  the  easy  distribution  of  the  salary  of  employees.  The  project  was
successfully completed in 'C' language. The project provides easy navigation to users automates the payment
process.

Human Resource Development
Organisation: Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd., Lucknow Duration: 1month
Details:  The  main  highlight  of  the  system  is  the  ease  of  use.  It  includes  all  the  necessary  information  of
employees. The system has given an opportunity to for learning Developer 2000, Oracle Form 6I and Oracle
Reports 6I.

Academic Project

Automation of Hospital Management
Details: The aim of this project is to automate the functioning of the Hospital. The project involved a detailed
analysis of health care. This project was developed for the effective management of a hospital.

Shikha Moondra

