Syeda Fatima

Assistant Professor

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Syeda-Fatima/432e29ae2814a988

To teach quality education at at a highly reputed and eminent educational institute and to gain exceptional
career move ahead through long efforts and performance regularity

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
Gandipet Himayatnagar, C.B  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - January 2011 to May 2015

500 075

Duties and responsibilities

➢ Thought at graduate level in areas allocated by the head of department and reviewed from time to time by
the head of department
➢ Contributed to the development, planning and implementation of a high quality curriculum.
➢ Assisted in the development of learning materials, preparing schemes of work and maintaining records to
monitor student's progress, achievement and attendance.
➢  Participated  in  Department  and  faculty  seminars  aimed  at  sharing  research  outcomes  and  building
interdisciplinary collaboration within and outside the department.
➢ Provided pastoral care and support to students.
➢ Participated in the administration of the department's programmes of study and other activities as requested.

Engineering Instructor
Glitz Academy  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - 2011 to 2014

Hyderabad, AP

Duties and responsibilities
Coach students of Engineeriing, intermediate (Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry), SSC, ICSE and CBSE
by using the relevant teaching aids.
Major Projects

Glitz Academy - 2012 to 2012

Platform: MATLAB
➢ Purpose: To represent the action videos based on learning spatially related human body posture prototypes
using Self Organizing Maps (SOM). Fuzzy distances from human body posture prototypes are used to produce
a time invariant action representation. Multilayer perceptrons are used for action classification. The algorithm
is trained using data from a multi-camera setup.
➢ Software Requirements: Windows XP 
A Medical Image Archive Solution in a Cloud

Purpose - 2010 to 2010

To create storage to the solution of long term Medical Image Archive using cloud. Using Windows Azure we
deploy the application on the cloud. Dicom servers to store/query/retrieve/ requests, this in turn stores the data
into the SQL Azure database using DICOM image indexer.

➢ Software Requirements: Windows Azure, .Net Technology (ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C#.NET), SQL Server.

EDUCATION

Master of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh

Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering
Osmania University  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh

Certificate
Board of Secondary Telengana

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Profile

➢ Languages: C, C++, Java, SQL, PL/SQL,
➢ Databases: Oracle […]
➢ Web Development: XHTML, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, PHP, Dynamic Html,
➢ Operating Systems: Windows […] UNIX, LINUX.
➢ Application Suite: Microsoft Office […]

Summary of Qualifications
➢ Consistent academic records throughout education
➢ Strong understanding of the underlying principles of the subject and its relevancy to other domains
➢ In-Depth knowledge of various techniques and approaches applied at a research project
➢ Perfect knowledge about the common job duties of a teacher and ability to perform them efficiently
➢ Superb efficiency at computer aided teaching, research tools and the web search engines
➢ Highly innovative in depicting the subject matter to the students/ audience, using traditional methods as
well as modern aids

