Thejashwini P

Vidyaranya Puram, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Thejashwini-P/15d41811da9e6c38

With the main objective being towards satisfaction, both for myself and the company, I strive to work towards
the high standards of loyalty and dedication which has been consistent throughout, thereby making work a
pleasure and uplift of the organization.
Willing to relocate to: Mysore, Karnataka - Bangalore, Karnataka

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor (CS)
S College of Arts, Commerce and Science  -  Mysore, Karnataka - February 2016 to Present

6  months  of  experience  as  an  Assistant  Professor  (CS)  in  JSS  College  of  Arts,  Commerce  and  Science,
B.N.Road, Mysore. - Currently Working in the Same Institution.

Project Title: Airlines Ticket Swapping System.
Language used: C#.
Team Size: Individual.
Duration: 6 Months
Description: The airline swapping system project is an implementation of a general "Reserved" Airline ticketing
application which helps the passengers to search the availability of various airline tickets. The project covers the
feature of swapping of "Reserved" air tickets, re-registration of the user, modifying the details of the passenger
and flight information by the administration.
Project Title: Simulation of Leaky Bucket Algorithm on .NET Technology.
Language used: C#
Team Size: 4
Duration: 6 Months
Description:  Simulation  of  leaky  bucket  algorithm  is  a  windows  application  developed  to  avoid  congestion
control .The existing system has the traffic shaping and in the existing system while transferring the data from
sender to receiver there may be loss of data so the leaky bucket algorithm monitor and congestion can be
avoided. It is nothing other than single server queuing system with constant service time. Leaky bucket consist
of a finite queue.

EDUCATION

M.Sc. in Computer Science
J.S.S. COLLEGE of Arts  -  Mysore, Karnataka
2016

B.Sc. in Computer Science in EMCs
SDM COLLEGE  -  Mysore, Karnataka
2014

JSS Women's College  -  Mysore, Karnataka
2011

SKILLS

Manual Testing (Less than 1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skill Set:
Languages: C, HTML, CSS

Manual Testing:
• Very good knowledge of software development life cycle (SDLC)
• Good knowledge of white box testing and black box testing.
• Smoke testing on critical or basic feature of an application.
• Functional testing on each and every component of an application.
• Integration testing based on business transaction scenarios.
• System testing whether end feature is working or not.
• Ad-hoc testing and Regression testing.
• Usability testing whether application is user friendliness or not.
• Acceptance testing, Performance testing.
• Good knowledge of software test life cycle (STLC)
SQL:
Having Knowledge in writing SQL queries like: SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT, DELETE.

