Vaibhav Menkudale

Assistant Professor - SSIEMS

Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vaibhav-Menkudale/db2569966747897b

To work with a company, which appreciates innovation so that I can enhance my knowledge and skills to give
my best for the growth of the company.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
SSIEMS  -  Parbhani, Maharashtra - August 2014 to Present

Parbhani (Subjects- Web technology, COA, Compiler design, JavaScript, C#, Cryptography & N/W security)
from 25th Aug. 2014 to till date.
Project Details:

(BE Final Year Project)

Title: Protection of Database Security via Collaborative Inference Detection

Description:

We  developed  an  inference  violation  detection  system  to  protect  sensitive  data  content.  Based  on  data
dependency, database schema and semantic knowledge. We constructed a semantic inference model (SIM)
that represents the possible inference channels from any attribute to the pre-assigned sensitive attributes. The
SIM is then instantiated to a semantic inference graph (SIG) for query-time inference violation detection.

(ME Final Year Project)

Title: Profile Creation & Privacy Protection in Personalized Web Search.

Description:
Personalized  web  search  (PWS)  has  demonstrated  its  effectiveness  in  improving  the  quality  of  various
search services on the Internet. The privacy protection in PWS applications that model user preferences as
hierarchical user profiles. Proposed a PWS framework called UPS that can adaptively generalize profiles by
queries while respecting user-specified privacy requirements.

(ME First Year Mini Project)

Title: On the Performance of the Current MANET Routing Protocols for VoIP, HTTP, and FTP Applications.

Description:
Our project evaluates the QoS and energy efficiency of three active routing protocols: (i) OLSRv2, a successor
to OLSR, (ii) DYMO, a successor to both DSR and AODV, and (iii) MP-OLSR multipath extension toOLSRv2
for mobile nodes.

Assistant Professor
SSIEMS  -  Parbhani, Maharashtra - August 2014 to February 2016

1] Vaibhav Menkudale and B. M. Patil, "Profile creation & privacy protection in personalized web search",
International Journal of Innovative Research in Science, Engineering and Technology (IJIRSET), vol. 5, issue
8, pp. 1111-1115, 2016.

EDUCATION

Master of Computer Science in Computer Science and Information Technology
College of Engineering  -  Ambajogai, Maharashtra

Bachelor of Computer in Engineering
Information Technology / Mumbai University  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra

HSC
DSM College Parbhani/ Maharashtra Board  -  Parbhani, Maharashtra

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills:

✓ Languages: Java, Servlet & JSP, C#.net, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, PERL, Regex, AngularJS.

✓ Database: SQL, MS access.
✓ Other: Ns 2 tool, VMware.

