Vijeet Meshram

Java Programmer

Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vijeet-Meshram/6e222bf48a66d568

•  A  result-oriented  professional  with  more  than  2+  years  of  experience  in  application  development  &
enhancement, service delivery and client relationship management.
• Sound knowledge of OOPS Concepts and Design Patterns.
• Good exposure of Java, J2EE, and other related technologies.
• Good experience of Web Development using JSP, Servlet, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, Spring, AngularJS.
• Managing, maintaining and deploying websites and databases.
• Good knowledge of DBMS.
• Experience in SDLC and Agile development environment.
• Working as a lecturer from last 3 years in IT and Computer Science Department.
• Published technical books on Operating Systems & Compiler Construction.
Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Professor
Dr. Ambedkar College  -  Nagpur, Maharashtra - July 2015 to Present

Nagpur

Assistant Professor
Kamla Nehru Mv  -  Nagpur, Maharashtra - July 2014 to April 2015

Nagpur

Application Developer
Unique Technologies  -  Nagpur, Maharashtra - August 2011 to December 2013

Nagpur

Technical Skills
Technologies: Java, J2EE, JDBC, JSP, Servlet, Spring.
Scripting languages: Javascript, jQuery, Angular JS.
Mark-up languages: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap.
Web Hosting: Cpanel, FileZilla, Parallel Plesk
Languages: C, C++, SQL, PL/SQL, VB 6.0, VB.NET, C#.NET, ASP.NET.
Database Tools: ORACLE, MySQL, SQL Server, MS Access.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Education in Education
R.T.M Nagpur University  -  Nagpur, Maharashtra
2014

Master of Science in Computer Science
R.T.M Nagpur University  -  Nagpur, Maharashtra
2011

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
R.T.M Nagpur University  -  Nagpur, Maharashtra
2009

Higher Secondary School
2006

Maharashtra State Board
2004

SKILLS

.NET (2 years), DATABASE (2 years), J2EE (2 years), JAVA (2 years), JAVASCRIPT (2 years), Spring (2
years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Operating Systems: Windows, LINUX and Macintosh.
Web Server Package: XAMPP, WAMP
Version Control: SVN, TortoiseHG, TortoiseSVN, Git
IDE: NetBeans, Ellipse, PLSQL Developer, Sublime Text,
Microsoft Visual Studio.

Project Details

Project: Inventory Management System Company: National Event Management & Décor
Role: Software Developer Duration: August 2011 - May 2012
Project Description: The software was made to manage the quantity of items in the company's
warehouse. With the help of this software they could exactly get the items of decoration in hand and
know the place where the items were being used.
Technologies: Java, J2EE, Swing, MySql
Responsibilities:
• Requirement gathering
• Requirement analysis
• Designing and Developing Database
• Designing search
1. Project: www.redsusee.com Company: Redsusee
Role: Web Developer Duration: May 2012 - September 2012
Project Description: The website was made with the intention of giving military training to the
interested students by Mr.Suseendranathan who is a retired officer from Indian military. The website
could register students' interest on the website and provide all the information about the courses being
conducted and the schedule of the same.
Technologies: JSP, Servlets, HTML, CSS, MySQL
Responsibilities:
• Designing and developing database and pages.
• Styling all pages.
• Using Google Api.
• Creating domain using WHM and uploading site using CPanel.
• W3C validation

2. Project: www.alchemgroups.com Company: Alchem Group
Role: Lead Web Developer & Database Designer Duration: September 2012 - February 2013
Project Description: The website provides details of each of their services including organisation of
small events and job services. The webpages have a enquiry form on which the visitor can enquire about
their services and even create a login through which they can upload their CV's.
Technologies: JSP, Servlets, JQuery, MySQL, HTML
Responsibilities:
• Designing the registration page
• Developing and designing database
• E-mail functionality
• Social network integration

3. Project: www.srimatoshri.org Company: Srimatoshri Organisation
Role: Lead Web Developer & Database Designer Duration: February 2013 - July 2013
Project Description: The website provides information about the events organised by the organisation
from time to time by the orphanage. Camps and visits planned by the organisation and online
registration of the interested people, was also done within the website.
Technologies: JSP, Servlets, MySQL, HTML, Javascript
Responsibilities:
• Search page design and development
• CMS system for editing website content
• Unit testing and front end testing
• Feedback page development

4. Project: www.sktechnology.co.in Company: S.K. Technologies
Role: Lead Web Developer & Database Designer Duration: July 2013 - December 2013
Project Description: The website provides details of the packages for hosting and developing websites
Website also provides services for making custom made softwares.
Technologies: JSP, Spring, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JQuery
Responsibilities:
• Requirement Analysis.
• Designing Databases and project structure and flow.
• Development.
• Documentation.
Books Published

• Data Structures under the publication Central Techno Publications with ISBN - […]
• Compiler Construction under the publication Central Techno Publications.

