<ba>
Mariya James

Andheri, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mariya-James/7520b167ed20237b
<su>
To work with a company which appreciates innovation so that I can enhance my knowledge and skills to give
my best for the growth of the company.

ABOUT ME
Quick Learner - Highly motivated and eager to learn new things. Optimist - Strong motivational and leadership
skills.
Excellent communication skills in written and verbal both.
Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Mumbai, Maharashtra
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Fresher
<pr>
Mini-Project: Online Voting System - Organizational basis Duration: 90 days
Team Size: 3
Language used: HTML, PHP, JavaScript
Database: MySQLi
A web-based application that enables an organizational level online voting system which provides security in
the sense that voter 's token number is confirmed before the vote is accepted in the main database confirming
his/her vote goes to correct candidate.

Main Project: Open Road Tolling by Pattern Recognition - Toll Automation Duration: 90 days
Team Size: 4
Language used: HTML, Java, JavaScript, Android, Swing
Database: MySQL Workbench 6.3 CE
A  web-based  application,  mobile  application  and  a  swing  application  for  admin,  user  and  booth  operator
respectively enables to keep an eye on the vehicles passing through a booth, if applicable pull in details from
Motor Vehicle Department, and have a QR-code scanned for the toll payment; which means people can go
cash-free help save time, avoids fuel loss and monitors the traffic, and as a future enhancement can add in
theft-alert.
<ed>
EDUCATION

B.Tech. in Computer Science in Computer Science
GISAT Engineering College

Sacred Heart Convent Sr. Sec School
2013

Sacred Heart Convent School
2011
<sk>
SKILLS

C (Less than 1 year), Database (Less than 1 year), Excel. (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year),
Linux. (Less than 1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Proficiency in MS Office - MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel.
Programming: C, C++, HTML.
OS: Microsoft Windows and Linux.
Database: MySQLi.

