<ba>
Nagaraju A

MANDAL, Medak, 502305, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nagaraju-A/33b9fd9606402b53
<su>
Aim to be associated with a Progressive organization that gives me the scope to share my knowledge and
skills in accordance with the latest trends and be a part of team that dynamically works towards the growth
of organization and gives the satisfaction thereof.
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Fresher
Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
<ca>
Certified .NET 4.0 at peers in 2011.
✓ Certified my project paper from IJCSIET
<sk>
IT Skills:

Microsoft Technologies: ASP.NET, C#.NET.
RDBMS: SQL Server 2005/08.
Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/2000, XP.
Development Tools: VisualStudio.NET 2010.
<pr>
Main Project (M Tech):

Title: DATA ALLOCATION ON WIRELESS CHANNEL USING KEYWORDS
Environment: core java.

Description:

The  rapid  development  of  wireless  network  and  powerful  portable  computer  technologies  has  accelerated
the development of mobile computing technologies and wireless information systems, thus resulting in the
increased and widespread use of mobile computing devices. A large number of mobile users carrying portable
devices will be able to access the information from anywhere and at any time. Energy-and latency-efficiency
are two critical issues in wireless data broadcast system. Two basic performance metrics namely access time
and tuning time are used to measure energy-and latency-Efficiencies. In Wireless Environment broadcasting
is an effective and scalable technique to disseminate information to large number of mobile clients. Several
Indexing  techniques  are  there  for  accessing  data  items  on  Broadcast  channel,  It  reduces  the  tuning  time.
Previously indexing methods were proposed for full text searches they are targeted for data in disk storage.
For text searches in wireless broadcast channel, index scheme using keyword search will be implemented with
the help of inverted list index method and full-text search algorithm. And analysis of index scheme performance
will be done with respect to latency and energy usage. Index scheme will be implemented by using IEEE
802.11.g as communication media.
Solution Provided:
In Wireless environments data broadcasting is widely used for information delivery services due to its beneficial
characteristics such as bandwidth efficiency, energy efficiency and scalability. This project a novel indexing
scheme which is and latency efficient for text retrieval queries on the wireless broadcast data stream has been
implemented. The Text retrieval on the disk storage is different from wireless one.

First, a simple, inverted list-style index method is constructed. In order to reduce the tuning time overhead (i.e.
Energy waste) caused by the sequential scan of the inverted list, an additional level of index structure, which
is the index tree for the inverted list is added. For both methods, their extended versions have been devised,
wherein the inverted list and the index tree are replicated: (1, α) and (1, α (1, β)) methods.
Calculations of access time and Tuning time will be done in both the methods and results shows that Tuning
time of (1, α (1, β)) method is less compare to Tuning time of (1, α) method. Therefore by using two level
index structure (inverted index list and tree index) Full Text search operation can be done faster compare to
single level index structure (inverted index list)

Main Project (B Tech):

Title: Two Way Messaging
Environment: Asp.Net, C#.Net, SQL Server 2005.

Description:

Two  Way  Messaging  platform  which  allows  you  to  receive  SMS,  besides  sending  SMS.  This  allows  you
complete  flexibility  in  managing  your  incoming  message.  You  can  modify/alter  or  delete  these  received
messages  as  per  your  need.  The  Two-Way  SMS  feature  works  using  a  'KEYWORD'  as  identifier  of  your
messages. The keyword should be greater than 4 characters. When an SMS message is received, the gateway
will evaluate the content of the message, and can either execute a program, or connect to an HTTP URL,
based upon the content of the message.
The  decision  of  how  to  process  a  received  message  is  based  upon  the  first  "word"  of  the  received  SMS
message. In the terminology of gateway, this first word of the received message is called the "SMS Command
Prefix". Based upon this "SMS Command Prefix", the gateway will execute a command associated with the
prefix.

Solution Provided:
So many websites which gives information is not up to "user satisfaction". There is a lot of information resources
on internet but nothing can be communicated through cell phones. There is no possibility to send reply to
source. So, we are having ability to send information to users directly to their cell phones which is the most
effective way of advertising. It is also used for institutes, social welfare groups etc. It is satisfactory in security
concerns by building Admin and Gateway modules.

The whole process of the Two Way Messaging application is basically divided in three main modules.

1. Advertiser module
1. Admin module and
2. Gateway module
<ed>
EDUCATION

M. Tech in computer science
BVRIT  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
2011 to 2013

B.Tech in computer science
GRIET,Bachupally  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
2006 to 2010
<sk>
SKILLS

ASP.NET,C#.NET,WINDOWS INSTALLATION,WINDOWS TROBLESHOOTING,WEB DESIGNING

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

✓ Time management skills.
✓ Positive attitude.
✓ Zeal to learn & adapt to changes.
✓ Good at Quantitative analysis and logical reasoning.

Additional certification:

