Alka Dwivedi

- Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alka-Dwivedi/6ff5b22eaeae8b91

• 2.5 Years of Professional experience in Application Development & Web Development.
• Recently working in India Document Solutions Pvt.Ltd, Noida
• Strong knowledge of ASP.NET with C# and SQL Server 2005, 2008, ADO.Net Reporting (RDLC & Crystal
Report)
• Strong Knowledge of Java Technology and java script
• Strong knowledge in MS-SQL Server 2005, 2008 Database Development like writing Stored Procedures,
Triggers, Views and other database object.
• I am good team player and having ability to work in a team or individual environment.
• Have strong sense of urgency to set and meet aggressive goals and objective.
• Has the motivation to take independent responsibility as well as ability to contribute and be a productive
team member.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
Girnar Soft Technoligies  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - January 2012 to August 2012

Jan2012 - Aug 2012)
GirnarSoft is a business value focused IT company working on offshore products and outsourced software
development. Its emphasis is to create business value for its clients through innovations and their speedy
implementations. GirnarSoft, founded in 2007, is an ISO 9001 certified company. It is being run by alumnus
of IITs & IIMs, the most premier educational and professional institutes in India, who have over 12 years of
software development experience.

Project: -
Event Dekho.com

Tools: [ASP.Net, C#, SQL Server 2005, Java Script, HTML].
Team Size: 6
Role: Involved in design and coding.

Event Dekho Portal is a web portal. This web portal is developed to establish the communication between
customer and the partners. And one main thing is that to remove the paper work. By this portal a customer or
end user of this portal can easily identified the resources and their budget of the event.

AMS (Appriasal Management System)
Tools: [ASP.Net, C#, SQL Server 2005, Java Script, HTML].
Team Size: 3
Role: Involved in design and coding.

AMS is also a java project. I had worked in it on many modules as a Team member. It is an in in-house desktop
application to calculate the productivity of an employee so that higher authorities can make decisions regarding
appraisal of the employees.

Web Developer
Varchasva Technologies Pvt. Ltd  -  Jaipur, Rajasthan - January 2010 to January 2012

Varchasva Technologies Pvt. Ltd. previously known as VarchasvaTechnologies is a leading Internet brand
with a significant presence in all major verticals including Jobs, Social Networking, Business Directories, Video
Sharing, Classifieds, etc. Varchasva Technologies was founded in year 2008 and we renovate ourselves into
Varchasva Technologies Pvt. Ltd. in year 2010

Project: -
Online Shopping Site
Tools: [ASP.Net, C#, ADO.Net, SQL Server 2005, Java Script, HTML]
Team Size: 3
Role: Involved in Requirement analysis, Design and coding

The website is basically designed for E-shopping. It gives us complete information of the E-shopping. It is
designed and developed for buying products of famous brands through internet. The products are divided into
categories so that searching becomes easy. You can order a product using this Website for yourself. Various
types of products are available at very reasonable cost. Online Shopping Site is an online platform where you
can buy customized and personalize products. The main objective of the website is to make the process of
online shopping easy and user friendly.

Biodata Management System
Tools: [ASP.Net, C#, ADO.Net, SQL Server 2005, Java Script, HTML]
Team Size: 3
Role: Involved in Requirement analysis, Design and coding
The software is simple and Biodata Management system with all the basic functions necessary for a company
and has a direct approach and thereby this reduces the efforts of the person desiring/requiring the information.
The system is ready to function properly full access to all the records and information is available to use. The
system is providing these basic facilities to the employee:-
Raj Tours and Travels.com
Tools: [Java Script, HTML Using Dreamweaver]
Team Size: 3
Role: Involved in Requirement analysis, Design and coding

rajtourtravels.com is a website through which users can plan their holidays as per their specifications. This
website not only suggests tour, also give the complete cost detail for particular package. The system will be a
web-based solution that can provide easy and faster access and posting of information related to any package
for tour according to user's requirements, with the compatibility of other sites.

Software Developer
Document Solutions Group Inc DSG

DSG,  a  Clinical  Software  and  Services  provider  of  technologies  for  the  pharmaceutical  industry.  DSG  is
the  oldest  and  most  trusted  provider  of  EDC  solutions  in  the  industry.  DSG  pioneered  CRF  document
management software, setting an industry standard. Its best-of-breed CaseLink allowed individuals to build
CRF's electronically, greatly reducing the amount of time it takes to run a clinical trial. CaseLink became the
industry standard, and has been trusted and utilized world-wide by the top 4 pharmaceutical companies since
1992.

Project - eCaseLink

Introduction: eCaseLink. With eCaseLink, data is submitted instantaneously to the server, without any client
software plug-ins required. This unique feature is reserved only for DSG, and its customers report the cleanest

data, in the shortest amount of time, resulting in millions of dollars in cost savings. eCaseLink's data entry
screens are programmed to mimic paper CRFs, making the switch from paper to electronic data entry easy.
eCaseLink allows sponsors to run their clinical trial operations on a single, global platform without needing
to install different versions of the software for different languages. All data managers and clinicians can work
together collaboratively using a single, centrally-managed global database regardless of geographic location
or language.

Tools/Environment: ASP.NET, JavaScript, XML 4.0, HTML, SQL Server 2005

EDUCATION

MCA
IGNOU
2010

MSC
University of Rajasthan  -  Jaipur, Rajasthan
2007 to 2009

BSc
University of Rajasthan  -  Jaipur, Rajasthan
2004 to 2007

Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education  -  Ajmer, Rajasthan
2001 to 2004

Higher Secondary Education

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE
Operating System: - DOS, Windows […]

Server side Scripting: - ASP.NET, ADO.NET and ASP, JSP.

Scripting Languages: - Java Script, Ajax and JQuery.
Databases: - MS Access, SQL Server.

Languages: - C, C++, Java, SQL.

Internet Technologies: - HTML, VB Script, Java Script.

Web Server: - Apache Tomcat, IIS.
Debugging Tool: - Firebug.
IDE: - Ecllipse, Visual Studio 2005, 2008 and 2010.

