Arun Singh

Software Developer - MMI Online Limited

Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arun-Singh/fceca9a6a227abb6

•  An  accomplished  Software  Engineer  Specializing  in  Object-Oriented  Design  and  Analysis  with  an
experience in the full life cycle of the software development process including needs analysis, requirements
gathering, application architecture and design, database design, application development, testing, deployment,
documentation, application support and maintenance.

• Approx. 4 years of experience in the design and development of Web Applications, Online Communities/
Portals, Web-based Enterprise software & Productivity Apps (SaaS/On premise) with high-volume scalable
architectures.

• Skills in designing and creating high end Ajax-driven web 2.0 applications with PHP/MySQL, HTML/CSS,
JQuery/AJAX and XML.

• Currently working as a Software Developer in MMI Online Limited (A Jagran Prakashan Limited)

Professional Summary:
• Object Oriented PHP Developer (PHP5)
• MySQL, CakePHP framework, Zend Framework, MVC, Subversion toolset
• Approx. 4 years of LAMP development experience
• 6 Month certification course in DOTNET technology from Sun InfoTech Solution, Lucknow.
• Proficient working on Client/Server and Web applications.
• Good Communication and Interpersonal skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
MMI Online Limited - February 2014 to Present

Software Developer
MMIOnline Ltd - February 2014 to Present

Project title: Myjosh
URL: http://myjosh.jagranjosh.com
Front End: Zend framework
Back End: MYSQL

Job  Description:  Worked  as  Lead  Developer  for  Myjosh,  the  sub  products  of  Jagranjosh.  Myjosh  is  web
based social networking application using socialengine open source tool. Myjosh provides a engagement b/
w students and respective content of jagranjosh.
Responsibilities: Socialengine customization and code optimization for real time traffic. Integrate web services
for real time migration b/w Myjosh and jagranjosh.

Project Title: Find-it333

Software Engineer
Kellton Tech Solutions Limited - May 2013 to January 2014

Programmer
Maxis - May 2013 to January 2014

Team Size: 15
Skill Used: Cakephp and Mysql
Project Details: It's a kind of yellow page application which will
provide you detail information about any type of search article. User
can search his article (like nearby restaurant, bike or car showroom,
cinema hall etc.) via mobile phone or web.
Role: Programmer
Role Description: My role is to develop a Framework management system for Find-it333 which will provide
data to the different platforms
(like iPhone, Android, WAP and web) .FMS will be used by a call centre
team to validate and enter data for different Companies.

Project Name: RDI.
URL: http://www.realdatainsights.com
Front End: cake PHP
Back End: MYSQL
Description: Real Data Insights is a web Application which contains the records of New York agencies. User
can search their query about several agencies.
Role: coding and design database.
Team Size: 4 Members.

Project Name:
URL: www.sitecompli.com
Front End: cake PHP
Back End: MYSQL
Description:: SiteCompli Application keeps New York City's leading agencies records such as new violations,
complaints, inspections, fines, hearings, jobs, permits and more across the various city agencies with ongoing
alerts and analysis.
Team Size: 6 Members

Project Name: Application Monitoring Utility (AMU)
Front End: cake PHP
Back End: MYSQL
Description: The purpose of the SiteCompli Application Monitoring Utility (AMU) is to provide a systematic
framework for monitoring the SiteCompli application software to ensure that it's functioning properly.
Team Size: 4 Members.

Project Name: Priceveille.
Front End: PHP
Database: MySql
Role: Database Design, maintenance and coding.
Description: The goal of Price-Veille is to collect data from e-commerce websites.
The different parts of Price-Veille are:
1) A robot which crawls selected parts of websites.
2) A Database which stored parameters to crawl websites.
3) Data collected by the robot.
4) End-users' data.

5) A web interface, which presents collected data to our customers.
6) Provides to robot's maintainers, a minimal set of information about what happened during crawl of websites.
Team Size: 10 Members.

Project Name: Forward Advertisement
Front End: PHP
Back End: MYSQL
Role: Database Design and Coding.
Description: forwardadds.com is a advertisement site. Purpose for this site is for advertising the advertisement
of different client.

Project Name: Microcell Systems
Client: Microcell Systems Pvt. Ltd
URL: http://www.microcellsystems.net
Front End: PHP
Back End: MYSQL
Role: Database Design and Coding.

Academic Project
Project Name: Interactive Voice Response System
Technology: .Net
Language: C#,
Database: MS SQL Server 2005
Role: Team Leader-System Study, Database Design, Classes, User Controls, implementation.
Description: This project is being developed as part of final year B.Tech course. This is a Windows Application
for a college automation purpose .In this User will get the Result or Attendance information of a Student with
help of their roll number. User can be a parent, student and their colleagues. User will have heard the recent
information depending upon their choice by just providing the roll number of a desired student.
Administrators have the right to perform operations (such as add, modify, view, selection of voice, voice rate
and voice volumes) on student, attendance, mark sheet and IVRS modules.

Associate Software Engineer
Icreon Communications Pvt. Ltd - September 2011 to May 2013

Web Developer
Microcell Systems Pvt. Ltd - August 2010 to August 2011

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science
Integral University Lucknow  -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
June 2010

CBSE
H.A.L School Lucknow  -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
June 2005

CBSE
H.A.L School Lucknow  -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
June 2003

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Technologies: PHP WITH MYSQL.
• Framework: cake PHP, Zend Framework, .NET.
• Tools: SVN, Netbeans, UltraEdit, CodeSniffer.
• Databases: SQL Server, MySQL, MS Access.
• Operating System: Linux ubuntu 12.0+, Windows.

