Dheerendra Jain

More than 7 year of experience in finance domain of Oracle Pl-Sql Expert having
expertise in database tuning and data modelling

Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dheerendra-Jain/e17e497620449225

➢  Over  7  years  of  programming  experience  as  an  Oracle  PL/SQL  Developer  in  Analysis,  Design  and
Implementation  of  Business  Applications  using  the  Oracle  Relational  Database  Management  System
(RDBMS)
➢ Involved in all phases of the SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) from analysis, design, development,
testing, implementation and maintenance with timely delivery against aggressive deadlines.
➢  Experience  with  Data  flow  diagrams,  Data  dictionary,  Database  normalization  theory  techniques,  Entity
relation modeling and design techniques.
➢  Expertise  in  Client-Server  application  development  using  Oracle  […]  PL/SQL,  SQL  *PLUS,  TOAD  and
SQL*LOADER.
➢  Effectively  made  use  of  Table  Functions,  Indexes,  Table  Partitioning,  Collections,  Analytical  functions,
Materialized Views, Query Re-Write and Transportable table spaces.
➢ Good knowledge on logical and physical Data Modeling using normalizing Techniques.
➢ Created Tables, Views, Constraints, Index (B Tree, Bitmap and Function Based)
➢ Developed Complex database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers using
SQL and PL/SQL.
➢ Developed materialized views for data replication in distributed environments.
➢ Excellent technical and analytical skills with clear understanding of design goals of ER modeling for OLTP
and dimension modeling for OLAP.
➢ Experience in Oracle supplied packages, Dynamic SQL, Records and PL/SQL Tables.
➢ Loaded Data into Oracle Tables using SQL Loader.
➢ Partitioned large Tables using range partition technique.
➢ Experience with Oracle Supplied Packages such as DBMS_SQL, DBMS_JOB and UTL_FILE.
➢ Created Packages and Procedures to automatically drop table indexes and create indexes for the tables.
➢ Worked extensively on Ref Cursor, External Tables and Collections.
➢ Expertise in Dynamic SQL, Collections and Exception handling.
➢ Experience in SQL performance tuning using Cost-Based Optimization (CBO)
➢ Good knowledge of key Oracle performance related features such as Query Optimizer, Execution Plans
and Indexes.
➢ Experience with Performance Tuning for Oracle RDBMS using Explain Plan and HINTS.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Nucleus Software  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - May 2011 to Present

Duration: Sep 2010 toApr 2011.

DataBase Developer
Nucleus Software  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - May 2011 to Present

A 67, Sec 64, Noida

ProjectName:FLIP

Client:OBS, France
Role:OraclePL/SQLDeveloper
Duration: Aug16 - PresentDescription:
The FLIP used by User those are providing support to their router and network user for any kind of technical
fault and device technical and replacement related issue addressing. This Product enable users to capture
raise the ticket for demand any new router or replacement of router or other network device which they want
to be install at new location or replace from the existing location. This product not only provide the device but
also rectify the technical fault releated issues tracking and close the ticket or escalate it to other department
or person.

Responsibilities:
➢ Coordinated with the front end design team to provide them with the necessary stored procedures and
packages and the necessary insight into the data.
➢ Worked on dbms_aq advance queue by enqueue and deque of the data what user provide by sending the
xml through UI
➢ Generated server side PL/SQL scripts for data manipulation and validation and materialized views for remote
instances.
➢ Developed PL/SQL triggers and master tables for automatic creation of primary keys.
➢ Created PL/SQL stored procedures, functions and packages for moving the data from staging area to data
mart.
➢ Created scripts to create new tables, views, queries for new enhancement in the application using TOAD.
➢ Created indexes on the tables for faster retrieval of the data to enhance database performance.
➢ Involved in data loading using PL/SQL and SQL*Loader calling UNIX scripts to download and manipulate
files.
➢  Performed  SQL  and  PL/SQL  tuning  and  Application  tuning  using  various  tools  like  EXPLAIN  PLAN,
SQL*TRACE, TKPROF and AUTOTRACE.
➢ Extensively involved in using hints to direct the optimizer to choose an optimum query execution plan.
➢  Used  Bulk  Collections  for  better  performance  and  easy  retrieval  of  data,  by  reducing  context  switching
between SQL and PL/SQL engines.
➢ Created PL/SQL scripts to extract the data from the operational database into simple flat text files using
UTL_FILE package.
➢ Creation of database objects like tables, views, materialized views, procedures and packages using oracle
tools like Toad, PL/SQL Developer and SQL* plus.
➢ Extensively used bulk collection in PL/SQL objects for improving the performing.
➢ Created records, tables, collections (nested tables and arrays) for improving Query performance by reducing
context switching.
➢ Used Pragma Autonomous Transaction to avoid mutating problem in database trigger.
➢ Extensively used the advanced features of PL/SQL like Records, Tables, Object types and Dynamic SQL.
➢ Handled errors using Exception Handling extensively for the ease of debugging and displaying the error
Involved in the continuous enhancements and fixing of production problems.
➢ messages in the application.
➢ Created release level activity by using unix shell script and unix command from developer enviorment to
QA enviorment

Environment: Oracle 11g, SQL * Plus, TOAD, SQL*Loader, SQL Developer, Shell Scripts, UNIX, Windows XP

CAPITA - Share Save
This product suite is designed for maintaining company stock options. It takes care of entire process starting
from scheme offering, inviting applications, processing applications, issuing stocks, tracking miss-payments,

maturity request capturing, exercise execution for processing maturity request, leaver processing, interest and
bonus calculation. Stocks can be maintained for single company and also for group companies. It also has
feature for importing data from external resources through .csv files. PRISM is basically a single integrated next
generation system of three current systems used within Capita Registrars and Capita Share Plan Services.
Technology: Oracle 11g PL/SQL.
Role: My responsibilities towards project are to understand the requirement with onshore business analyst,
Understand the logical data model, physical data model and analysis document for the requirement, mapping
the requirement with LDM, PDM and system analysis document
Prepare database design document for the requiremnent, coding, Unit Testing and defect fixing in existing
application.
Client: CAPITA (UK)
CAPITA,  formed  in  1984  within  Chartered  Institute  of  Public  Finance  and  Accountancy,  is  UK's  leading
business process outsourcing (BPO) and professional services company. Prism project is related to share
services.

Capita-Share Incetive Plan
This product suite is designed for maintaining company share options. It takes care of entire process starting
from  share  award  offering,  allotting  share,  processing  shares,  maintasin  forefeit  share,  maintain  shares,
processing transactions for the share movements, allotted the RSU share and vest the shares after completion
of holding period. Generating the report for the different requirement share award summary report, vest rsu
shresreport etc. It also has feature for importing data from external resources through .csv files. PRISM is
basically a single integrated next generation system of three current systems used within Capita Registrars
and Capita Share Plan Services.
Technology: Oracle 11g PL/SQL.
Role: My responsibilities towards project are to understand the requirement with onshore business analyst,
Understand the logical data model, physical data model and analysis document for the requirement, mapping
the requirement with LDM, PDM and system analysis document
Prepare database design document for the requiremnent, coding, Unit Testing and defect fixing in existing
application.
Client: CAPITA (UK)

Senior Engineer Development
Sopra Steria India Pvt Ltd  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh

• 7+ years of IT experience in Application Development & maintenance using SQL Server and Oracle PL/SQL.
• Current Organization: Sopra Steria India Pvt Ltd.Noida
Designation: Senior Engineer Development

DataBase Developer
Nucleus Software  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - September 2010 to April 2011

A 39, Sec 62, Noida

Project1:France Archival (Part of FIN ONE Project)
In this project we are providing the information about the old customer information to the bank of france for the
purpose of tracing the customer for future benefits and for the legal requirements.

Responsibilities:
Development/ Upgrade/Migration
➢ Data Migration from the flat files to our archival data base.
➢ Modify the code in package fr_data_upload according to user requirement.

➢ Create cursor, procedure for the data migration
➢ Use UTL_file Package for data migration.
➢ Modify the code for fast retrival of data
➢ System Integration testing at the developer end.
➢ Rectify the form level issues.

Web Developer
Infopro India Pvt.Ltd  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - March 2010 to September 2010

Sec 58, Noida

InfoPro India is a ISO 9001:2000 certified, US Based company having over 15, 00 employees spread across
two continents.
Project: RIA ENJOLIE
Under this section of our company we deal with small commercial & retail projects for our US based clients.We
are design & customize the design the static web site for their business.Those websites are also commercial
website which using the pay pal money transfer utility for online shopping.

Achievements
➢ Become employee of the month for August2010 for giving Best performance
➢ Participating in Blood Donate Camp organized by Rotary Club in Nucleus Software in Jan 2011 as well as
in Vivekanand Poyclinic Lucknow and in Max hospital, delhi.
➢ Participating in Airtel Delhi Half Marathon 2011 and 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 getting the first, second
position simultaneously between our company participants.
➢ Oracle certified Associate (OCA certified) become in apr2014.
➢ Oracle Certified Professional (OCP Certified) become in dec2016.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

OCA
Oracle Certified Associates

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Databases: Oracle […] (SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Triggers), MS SQL SERVER […]
Tools: SQL*Loader.
Operating Systems: UNIX (Sun Solaris, LINUX, HP UNIX, AIX), Windows […] & Windows XP.
Data base /Languages/Utilities: SQL, PL/SQL, Unix shell scripts, Java, XML, C

