Jayant Jaiswal

Software Engineer - Backend Developer

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jayant-Jaiswal/bc62f45f28d0b67b

Willing to relocate to: Bangalore, Karnataka - Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer(Backend Developer)
Roposo.com  -  Gurgaon, Haryana - July 2016 to Present

Designed a centralized logger in
NodeJS in which n hosts would log there messages (mainly for logging errors) to a centalized
server without the hosts needing to maintain a continuous open connection to the centralized
server.
Built multiple Rest APIs in both NodeJS and Java.
Designed many crawl and scrape scripts in NodeJS for different vendors whose products are
visible on our site (www.roposo.com)
Deploying the script to a cluster of servers using Marathon framework by building Docker
Containers and Managing the cluster through Mesos framework.
Designed a centralized watcher in Play Framework (Java) which watches different applica- tion running on
different servers in ROPOSO (company) for their health (in terms of cpu and
memory usage) and restarts the applications whenever required in case of bad health status or application
error with their health status written on ZOOKEEPER.
Currently building a feed scrape system where the products visible on our site from different
vendors would be scraped from the feed.
Currently working on automating the task of redeploying the docker containers on mesos through marathon
automatically on each code change.

Web Crawling Intern
IIM Calcutta  -  Kolkata, West Bengal - July 2015 to November 2015

to discover Restrospective Relatedness among Corporate
Directors under the guidance of Prof. Renuka Hodigere.
Critical Constraints: Bypassed the Google Captcha Verification using proxy IP's
Minimized low on memory error using Headless Selenium.
GitHub Repository: https://github.com/ethan-hunt-007/newsSitesCrawl

Coding Coordinator at Dakshh
The Annual Technical Fest of Heritage  -  Kolkata, West Bengal - March 2015 to March 2015

Institute of Technology, Kolkata from March 19th - March 22nd, 2015.

EDUCATION

B.Tech in CSE
Heritage Institute of Tehnology
2012 to 2016

Secondary Education

Sri R.N.S. Memorial High School
2010

LINKS

http://in.linkedin.com/in/jayantjaiswal4u

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS
• Competetive Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms.
• Languages (C, C++, Java), Script (Python 2.7, NodeJS), Database (MySQL, OracleDb,
MongoDB, Neo4J), Tools (Git)
• Strengths include Python and NodeJS.
• Working knowledge of MongoDB, Node.js, Java Play Framework and Neo4J.
• Working Knowledge of Apache Kafka, Zookeeper, Docker Containers, Marathon, Mesos
Frawework, Git and Shell Scripts.
• Very Basic Knowledge of Redis Cache and Memcahed

PUBLICATION
• S Gurung, J Jaiswal, S Ghosh, P Basuchowdhuri "Extraction and Analysis of Publi-
cation Data of Conferences." in proceedings of 2nd IEEE International Conference
on Advances in Computing and Communication Engineering [ICACCE 2015], pp
[…] ISBN: […] DOI […] [Published on 1st May
2015].
URL: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/login.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7306752

PROJECT
• Content and Location Aware Restaurant Recommendations using Urban Review
Networks under Prof. Partha Basuchowdhuri, HIT-K.
Motive: Recommending the users' restaurant's based on their review history.
Recommending the businessmen the perfect place to launch a restaurant with a
particular cuisine.
GitHub Repository: https://github.com/ethan-hunt-007/ZomatoCrawl

