Mohini Gupta

Software Developer - Evon Technologies

Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohini-Gupta/64f616de9fd4e284

➢ 6 months industrial training in C-DAC, Noida as a web developer.
➢ Knowledge of SQL.
➢ Enhances own knowledge through understanding business trends and objectives.
➢ Knowledge of Windows operating system.
➢ Knowledge of Apache Tomcat server, WAMP server.
➢ Knowledge of Eclipse 5.0, Notepad++ software applications.
➢ Knowledge of industry and business principles.
➢ Manages multiple assignments and processes.
➢ Knowledge of manual testing.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
Evon Technologies - 2015 to Present

Currently working as a software developer, designing templates as per clients requirements using HTML, CSS,
Bootstrap and Jquery, Integrating the HTML code into the MVC framework (cakephp) . Also, creating web
API's for apps and custom admin panels for projects using Cakephp and MySQL.

PHP Developer
- October 2013 to February 2014

Web Developer
CDAC  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - January 2013 to July 2013

Sapmetrices Consulting Ltd.
Worked on project using PHP language, handling database using MySQL. Designing templates as per client
requirements using HTML, CSS and Bootstrap for responsive websites. On time delivery of the project.

Jan 2013 - July 2013

Web Developer
CDAC - Noida
During this period, I have worked as a web developer, I have extensively used PHP, CSS, HTML, JavaScript to
implement new features, customise user interface according to customer needs for online registration module
in e-PPS. Responsibilities: Customization of user interface according to customer specification. Testing and
bugs reporting. Responsible for delivery of assigned work, under a module or team lead supervision.

EDUCATION

MCA
G.B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology.

BCA
C.C.S. University  -  Meerut, Uttar Pradesh

SKILLS

API (Less than 1 year), Eclipse (Less than 1 year), Testing (Less than 1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

➢ Software Applications - Eclipse 5.0, Notepad++, SublimeText
➢ API Testing Tool - Postman, Swagger

