Naina Goel

Software Engineer - PlanYourTrip India Pvt. Ltd

Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Naina-Goel/833918ca6b5bc64f

To work in an organization where I can learn more, develop my interpersonal skills and prove my abilities. My
aim is to grow with the organization and contribute utmost on my part in the achievement of organizational
goals and head towards personal growth and development.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
PlanYourTrip India Pvt. Ltd - September 2011 to Present

2011.

Related Skills
• Quick learner, able to absorb new technologies and information quickly.

Company Name: PlanYourTrip India Pvt. Ltd.

Plan  Your  Trip  is  a  Luxury  Travel  Company  that  transforms  your  travelling  experiences  into  wonderful
memories with a touch of spellbound splendor. We specialize in tailoring extravaganza vacations to the most
exotic destinations of the world.

Project 1

B2B Portal for Tourism
Environment C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, HTML
Database SQL Server 2008,
Role Programmer
Responsibilities Involved in Development, Bug Testing
Description:  Enterprise  Tour  Planner  is  a  product,  developed  for  tour  operators  which  includes  program
creation, program cost estimation, sending itineraries, voucher creation, etc. This software is truly scalable. It
is an essential tool for small, medium and large scale tour operators.

Project 2

Admin Panel
Environment C#, ASP.NET, LINQ, HTML
Database SQL Server 2008,
Role Programmer
Responsibilities Involved in Development, Bug Testing
Description:
Admin Panel, content management system is a product developed for website maintenance which includes
package insertion, package deletion, package updation, image uploading, authentication.

web developer
Plan Your Trip india Pvt Ltd  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - September 2011 to 2013

EDUCATION

B.tech in Informaion technology
S.D.Sr.Sec.School  -  Jind, Haryana
2007 to 2011

SKILLS

web developer

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Skills
DotNet Frameworks .Net 4.0
Dot Net IDE Visual Studio 2010
Web Technologies ASP.NET 4.0, HTML, JavaScript.
Databases SQL Server 2008
Operating Systems Windows XP/Vista/win 7
Languages C, C++, Core Java, C#

