Prateek Tripathi

Professional J2EE Developer cum Support

Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prateek-Tripathi/e0aca4f5660f4cc1

★ Professional J2EE Software Developer with 4.5 years of experience in entire Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Requirement Analysis, Design, Development,
Testing, Implementation, Documentation and Support of software application using
Java/J2EE Technologies and Related Databases.
★ Exposure to multiple industry domains like Banking, Airlines, NGO, Government Bidding
Portals.
★ Designed and modeled projects using techniques in UML Use Cases, Class Diagrams etc.
★ Interaction with onfield officers for understanding clients requirement for developing
Management Information System (MIS)
★ Expertise in Core Java with solid background and working knowledge of Object
Oriented Concepts like Inheritance, Polymorphism, Exception handling,
MultiThreading and Collections.
★ Good experience in J2EE technologies like Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Java Beans and Web
Services.
★ Expertise in application development frameworks like Spring and Hibernate.
★ Experienced in creative and effective frontend development using JSP, JavaScript,
HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, JQuery and CSS.
★ Developed web applications based on different Design Patterns such as
ModelViewController (MVC), ClientSever etc.
★ Have excellent Relational Database understanding and experience with Oracle 10g/11i,
MySQL 5.0/5.5.
★ Strong experience in database design, writing complex SQL Queries and Stored
Procedures.
★ Experienced in parsers like DOM, JDOM, XML Beans, and JSON.
★ Experienced in using Version Control Tools like SVN and GITHUB.
★ Experience in using issue and bug tracking tools like JIRA.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
SouthWest Airlines, HCL Technologies, Noida, DelhiNCR - June 2014 to July 2015

Description: HCL works on various self developed as well as client projects, South West Airlines
is one of the client for HCL, for which HCL gives tech support work and other services like enhancements on
already written code base.

Responsibilities:
❖ Responsible for L2 and L3 support work for Java applications.
❖ Read and analysis of business processes and their integration.
❖ Maintenance and update knowledge documents from used cases.
❖ Interaction with clients for knowledge transfer.
❖ Daily meeting for the updates and do's for next day
❖ Documented applications detail and processing for L3 support.

❖  Worked  with  Agile  software  lifecycle  methodologies.  Create  design  documents  when  and  as  required.
Perform coding, debugging and testing.
❖ Solved Remedy tickets and Service Requests on regular basis
❖ Unit testing and debugging of method flows
❖ Deploy services on distributed environments, CheckIn and CheckOut of services
❖ Status Reporting with onsite counterparts
❖ Presentations and discussions on knowledge acquired of systems
❖ Prepared knowledge documents for new learned systems
❖ Used SOAPUI for testing the Web services by sending an SOAP request.
❖ Executing UNIX scripts on distributed systems to get instance of running services and their outcomes.
❖ Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.
Environment: Java 1.7, Spring IOC 3.2, Hibernate 4.3, RESTful Services, JMS, TIBCO, SVN, MySql
5.0, STS, Maven, JUnit, Spring AOP, UNIX Scripts

J2EE Developer
Gunvacci Consultancy Services  -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh - April 2012 to February 2014

Description:  Gunvacci  Consultancy  Services  operates  web  development  and  software  product  labs  for
organizations that rely on revenue generating online business models. In the field of application
development, system integration, and consulting, the company offers outsourced information
technology services.

Responsibilities:
❖ Developed J2EE applications using core servlets and JSP with Tomcat application server.

❖ Collaborating with field workers to have clear and specific requirement for application
development.
❖ Designed Class diagrams and database models for application flow.
❖ Explained and demonstrated application flow to client and gather requirements for any
changes or modifications.
❖ Involved in designing of HTML pages for application layout and response pages, using CSS and javascript
frontend technologies.
❖ Maintenance of developed applications and tech support work for applied systems.
❖ Logging and debugging instances of applications.
❖ Involved in MIS development for Government firm.
❖ Generating performance report for applied systems.
Environment: Java 1.5, JSP, Servlets, Oracle 9i, XML, TOMCAT, HTML/CSS, javascript, Mysql

Software Engineer
Finacus Solutions  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra - September 2011 to March 2012

Description: Finacus Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is a solution provider to the Banking and Financial
Institutions across the globe, fulfilling the needs of specialist product requirements of this
industry.

Responsibilities:
❖ Responsible for maintaining and optimizing various banking software applications used in various
❖ cooperative banks of Gujarat and Maharashtra
❖ Was Indulged in development and designing of Online Banking System for client
❖ Worked on various phases of Core Banking System
❖ Assisted in deploying system on client side

❖ Designed transactional pages for Online Banking System.
❖ Discussion of security and secure system for transactions.
❖ Prepare Initial level design documents & physical and logical design.

Web Developer
Abstract Systems  -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh - January 2010 to December 2010

Description: Abstract Systems is IT Consultancy firm changed its name now as Gunvacci
Consultancy Services is a IT consultancy firm. Development process combines the most powerful
aspects of research, design, technology and marketing to deliver elegant interfaces, thoughtful
features and positive ROI.

Responsibilities:

❖ Learned frontend and backend technologies.
❖ Used MasterClient design pattern for developing web applications.
❖ Designed web applications from scratch using HTML/CSS, javascript and MySql.
❖ Deep introduction of online portals like examination portal and their diversities.
❖ Discussion on various technologies and their real time effects on application systems.
❖ Got trained for six months in frontend development writing basic HTML/CSS and javascript
❖ Introduced to various server side technologies viz. php, asp, java and python
❖ Worked on various database modules and integration
❖ Learned object oriented aspect of programming and done basic coding in part of the projects
assigned.
❖ Responsible for business development in the Projects channel.
Environment: HTML/CSS, javascript, Oracle, PHP, Java, JDBC.

Technical Skills:
Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Linux
Languages: Java, SQL, C++.
Java/J2EE Technologies, JDBC 2.0/3.0, JMS, JNDI, Servlets 2.3/2.4, RMI, and Web Services
Frameworks Spring [ ] JSF 1.2, Hibernate [ ] JPA 2.0, Apache Camel
Build Tools Ant 1.5/1.6, Maven 2.x
Design Patterns, Singleton Pattern, Business Delegator Pattern, Controller Pattern, MVC Pattern,
Factory Pattern, Abstract Factory Pattern, Session Façade Pattern, DAO Pattern, Template
Pattern, Builder Pattern.
Databases: Oracle 11i/10g, SQL Server, MySQL, MS Access, PL/SQL.
Web Technologies JavaScript, Web Services, JavaScript, CSS, JQuery, JSON.
Technologies XML, DOM, DTD, JAXB.
Development Tools Eclipse, STS.
Version Control: Subversion SVN (subclipse, tortoise), Github.
Web Services: Spring Web Service, XSD, WSDL, SOAP.
Web/App Server: Apache Tomcat

EDUCATION

btech in information technology
punjab technical university  -  Jalandhar, Punjab
2006 to 2010

