Raj Kishor

Software Developer - eCentric Solutions Pvt Ltd

Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Raj-Kishor/88cdec6c8f461607

➢ Developer with proven experience in architecting and developing web applications with C#, Asp.net, MSSQL
Server, Java Script, Ajax, Jquery, CSS. Recognized by managers, colleagues, and peers as a personable,
dedicated performer who demonstrates innovation, communication, and teamwork to ensure quality, timely
project completion.
➢ Programming Languages: C, C#, Asp.net, LINQ, XML, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
➢ Databases: MSSQL Server […] Oracle 10g, MS Access
➢ Frameworks: .Net Framework, Entity Framework
➢ Technologies & Tools: Visual Studio2008, MS SQL Server […] MS Office, ADO.NET, Web Services

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
eCentric Solutions Pvt Ltd  -  New Delhi, Delhi - May 2013 to Present

has grown from a specialist in software development and support set up in the year 2002 to an end-to-end IT
solutions provider for Government of India, US Government and Fortune 500 companies. eCentric is primarily
focused on e-governance projects in India that is growing at a triple digit growth rate every year and off-shoring
solutions ranging from strategy consulting, business analysis, project management, software development,
software implementation, maintenance and support.

web developer
Brain Technosys Pvt Ltd  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - September 2011 to April 2013

on  the  Asp.net  websites,  which  manages  different  verticals.  Worked  directly  with  customers  to  resolve
software-support issues, and issued timely resolutions to problems encountered. Collaborated closely with
other  development  team  members,  quality  assurance,  documentation,  and  other  departments  to  define,
implement, and release new software functionality to the existing product suite.

EDUCATION

MCA
North Maharashtra University Jalgaon  -  Shirpur, Maharashtra
November 2008

B.Sc
CSJMU University  -  Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh
July 2004

agriculture
Microsoft IT Academy  -  Unnao, Uttar Pradesh
2002

Board/Univ

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

➢  Other  Skills:  All  phases  of  the  software  development  life-cycle  (requirements,  development,  testing,
release, support), utilizing multiple development methodologies, including Design Patterns, OOD, Extreme
Programming, and Structured Programming.

