Roma Rajan

Software Developer - GreenClouds.in

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Roma-Rajan/48dcfcabd47885c8

To handle projects which acquire knowledge and experience in Designing and Development
Of Software Products, that provides opportunities to bring the best.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
GreenClouds.in - July 2015 to Present

Job Profile Developing web based projects using Javascript, Jquery, HTML, CSS, NodeJs, MongoDB.
Work July - 2015- till now.

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

Software Developer
Progentys.com - July 2014 to July 2015

Job  Profile  Developed  Automation  based  projects  using  Javascript,  HTML,  CSS,  JBoss,  Fusion,  Jquery,
Asp.Net.
Work July - 2014 to July- 2015.

TRANNING DETAILS

Web Developer
Applied Cognition Systems Pvt. Ltd - 2014 to July 2014

Work Profile Developed Web based projects using ASP.Net (4.0) C#, MS-Sqlserver, Web Service, with Ajax,
JQuery, Javascript.
Duration 6 month

EDUCATION

B.C.A
BRA Bihar University  -  Muzaffarpur, Bihar
December 1971

MCA
Manipal Institute of Technology

Diploma in communication
Bihar Board  -  Patna, Bihar

SKILLS

Javascript,NodeJs,Asp,Jquery,Html,css,MongoDB,SQL (2 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Language Javascript, Jquery, C#
Web Technologies JavaScript, ASP, Ajax, HTML, CSS, SQL
General Software Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Notepad++, Latex
Web / Application Servers .Net, NodeJS
Development Tools Visual Studio, eclips
Database SQL Server 2008, MongoDB
Platform Windows 7

Project #1: text Editor Tool for Blog Implementation
Role: Developer
Environment: Javascript, HTML, CSS, Json, MongoDB, NodeJs
Description: A tool to design web presence and services to host a high performance website and also design
and manage your website with little or no technical help.

Role and Responsibility:
1. Responsible for creation of user friendly TextEditor Tool for Designing the website.
2. Responsible for creating Javascript for complete project.
3. Responsible for give the support to client

Project #2: Fusion Implementation for Reconciliation and journal
Client: Tsebo Dynamics Ax
Role: Developer
Environment: Javascript, HTML, CSS, JBoss, Fusion, JQuery, Ajax
Description:  Fusion  software  enables  business  operations  to  be  agile  and  cost  effective  through  rapid
automation  of  manual,  rules  based,  back  office  administrative  processes,  reducing  cost  and  improving
accuracy by creating a "virtual workforce".

Role and Responsibility:
2. Responsible for creation of user friendly customized panel
1. Responsible for creating java scripts for complete integration
2. Responsible for creating workflows as per the design document
3. Responsible for coding as per the best practices shared within industry
4. 'Took initiative to upgrade the skill within the project timeline
5. Responsible for documenting the project flow
Responsible for give the support to client

Project #3: Client Validation for Apcog Application Framework
Environment: C#, Asp.net, Javascript, JQuery
Role: Developer
Description: Client validation is a process of validating the input which is correct, complete and delivering the
correct output. It displays only one error at a time, so that it can be focused more on the wrong field.

Roles and Responsibilities:
1. Coded 4 modules in the project:
Patient Registration: Patient Registration is a system in which we can record every patient detail.
Appointment: In Here the patient takes the date and time to visit the doctor.
Visit: Here any one can visit for any reason like staff meeting, health treatment, etc.

Consultation: It contains all the medical history and family history of the patient.
2. Written the developer specification.
3. Coded the client side using javascript and server side using .NET technology
4. Responsible for developer testing
5. Resolved all the bugs on modules during Quality Testing
6. Responsible for documenting the project flow

STRENGTHS
Willingness to learn, adherence to commitments and deadlines, positive attitude, flexible and adaptable with
good communication and interpersonal skills.

INTEREST
Internet Surfing

DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that the information furnished above by me is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: New Delhi
Name: Roma Rajan
Date: […]

