Shivani Sharma

Software Developer - Infield Infotech Pvt. Ltd

Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shivani-Sharma/756d28b0e88c8104

To be a part of an organization where I can get a chance to learn new things, which helps in gaining my career
growth and be an asset to the organization where I work in.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
Infield Infotech Pvt. Ltd - April 2016 to Present

Web Designer
Archetron Web Pvt. Ltd  -  Delhi, Delhi - July 2015 to December 2015

Worked on Projects:
1) Project URL: product.smartinfield.com
Website URL: www.smartinfield.com
Description: This is a Software based product used for providing field force services to the client. Field Force
Automation, helps companies connected with their field force through their Mobiles, collect data, communicate,
and manage their end-to-end lifecycle. Some of our clients are Fitbit, Hindware, Century, Acer, Airtel, Usha,
Lenskart, Whirlpool, Eureka Forbes, Lenovo, Bajaj etc.
Working Areas: AngularJs, NodeJS, MongoDb, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Javascript

2) Project URL: www.delhiagraroadlines.com
3) Project URL: www.archetronweb.com/portfolio/abemoda
4) Project URL: www.archetronweb.com/portfolio/royal
5) Project URL: www.archetronweb.com/portfolio/terry-shoes

CERTIFICATE COURSE:
• Core PHP from Innobuzz Knowledge Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Delhi.
• Basic Computer Course (Ms-Office) from Ramakrishna Mission, New Delhi.
WEB APPLICATION PROJECT DETAILS:
1) Project Title: Online Vehicle Workshop
Description: This project E-Workshop is an online application. I have created a website regarding the service
appointment, sell /Buy second hand vehicles, Spare parts, etc. E-Workshop application is useful for automobile
workshop customers and its employees.
Working Areas: PHP 5.2, MySql, Windows-7, Xampp Apache Server
Team Size: 1

6) Project Title: Online Report Management System of a Diagnostic Lab
Description: This is an online application developed using Php language. I have created a website regarding
the reports of the clients that are put on the website along with allowable references ranges in a printable
format. In this web application, the client is supposed to register on the website. A client when wants to get
some test done, s/he login to their account and select the test to be done. After that the client will make payment
online and the receipt of the invoice will be given to client. Finally, the client has to enter that receipt number
to see the report.
Working Areas: PHP 5.2, MySql, Windows-7, Xampp Apache Server

Team Size: 2

7) Project Title: Online Shopping System
Description: The main goal of this project was to create a online shopping, which allows customers to shop and
purchase the products online. Moreover, the project is also designed in such a way it lets managers manage
the products information online. The online store sells many products. Customers can orders products, and
they will be contacted to further process the orders. Admin can add more categories and sub categories. Admin
can view products add new products modify existing products.
Working Areas: PHP 5.2, MySql, Windows-7, Xampp Apache Server
Team Size: 1

EDUCATION

MCA in Design, Software Engineering
School of Professional Development  -  Delhi, Delhi
2016

BCA
School of Professional Development  -  Delhi, Delhi
2014

C.B.S.E. in Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, English, Informatics
N.P. Bengali Girls Sr. Sec. School  -  New Delhi, Delhi
2011

C.B.S.E. in English
N.P.Bengali Girls Sr. Sec. School  -  New Delhi, Delhi
2009

Board/ University

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
• Coding Languages: NodeJs, Core PHP
• Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript ( jQuery, Bootstrap, Angularjs)
• CMS: Wordpress
• Database: MongoDb, MySQL, MS-Access.
• Packages known: MS-Office (Word, Excel & PowerPoint)
• Operating System: Linux, Windows XP, Windows 7 and above
• Server: Xampp, Wamp
• Designing Software: Adobe Photoshop CC, Adobe Illustrator
• Editors: Dreamviewer, Sublime, WebStorm
• Miscellaneous: GIT (Versioning Management System)

PERSONAL SKILLS:
• Willingness to do hard-work with dedication
• Cooperative and able to do team work
• Adjustable and adaptable in any environment
• Possess good communication skills

