Umesh Gupta

Software Developer - webdior solutions (p) Ltd

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Umesh-Gupta/2a439026febad349

• Dedicated & hardworking individual with B. Tech in Computer Science & Engineering from LDC Institute of
Technical Studies, Allahabad; determined to carve a successful career in the industry.
•  Equipped  with  the  knowledge  of  various  software,  sound  understanding  &  skill  of  creating  new  software
& systems, designing, analysis, testing, database development & coding for modules as per the customer's
requirements.
• Understanding of the concepts of Software Application, Web Development and possess knowledge of various
languages like PHP, CAKE PHP.
• Well developed communication skills with reputation of unwavering accuracy, credibility & integrity with the
ability to perform above expectations.
• Understanding of the concepts of Web services for Android, IOS App Development

WORK EXPERIENCE

Software Developer
webdior solutions (p) Ltd  -  Gurgaon, Haryana - October 2014 to Present

PROJECT UNDER TAKEN
Project Url. (http://dnarbazaar.com/) or http://www.awn.pw/recharge

Technology Us: Cake PHP, and Oops, Jquery, Ajax, javascripts
Database: My SQL
API: SOAP, Rest Api Integration
Description: it's a travels and online recharge portal. User can search, book, cancel flight, hotel, and recharge
Mobile Prepaid, Postpaid, Data card, DTH, manage Wallet etc ..

Project Url. (http://whatsupgurgaon.in/)

Technology Us: Core PHP with Oops, Ajax, Jquery, javascript.
Database: My SQL
Description: The whole website provide information of Gurgaon like Dine out, pops, party, Shopping, event etc
you can search different criteria and add no of offers, table, vanue deal of night club, Water Park etc in admin.
Create Page information, calendar, Event etc. Google Adds, Rss feed creation integration, sms integration etc.

Project Url. ( http://makenlive.com/)

Technology Us: Core PHP with Oops, Ajax, Jquery, javascript.
Database: My SQL
Description: This is Ecommerce project.User can purchase room concepts products with different customize
look. its show no of combination of room concepts look.

Project Url. (http://propertyandloan.com/)

Technology Us: Core PHP with Oops, Ajax, Javascript.
Database: My SQL

Description: It's property portal. In this portal user register as a Dealer, Owner, Builder and post property for
sell, rent, PG with a selected package. User can manage property, manage leads, revert back that leads,
Search property, contact to dealer, builder, Owner etc

Project Url. ( http://www.dialestate.com/)

Technology Us: Core PHP with Function, Ajax, JavaScript.
Database: My SQL
Description:  It's  property  portal.  In  this  project  Dealer  can  post  property  for  sell,  rent,  PG  with  a  selected
package. telesales search property with different criteria for registered Mobile and send SMS particular dealer
mobile And also send Bulk SMS to All registered dealer. Also Can Generate report for log-in details, Search
details, Expiry Dealer Details, Customer Details Etc.SMS OTP Integration, Map Integration.

Project Url. (http://happyconferencing.com/) or (http://awn.pw/hcknowledge/)

Technology Us: Core PHP, and Oops, jquery, Ajax, JavaScript
Database: My SQL
Description:  It's  Ecommerce  project.  User  can  purchase  no  of  Speakers  DVD,  Replay,  handbook,  Digital
Download with different customize look. its show no of combination of room concepts look..

Project Url. ( http://modelsbazaar.com/)

Technology Us: PHP
Database: My SQL
Description:  Models,  Photographer  can  register  login  and  search  different  result  according  to  need  send
request.Post requirement, book model, book portfolio, post your reviews, like models, book models etc

MVC framework Projects (http://awn.pw/scout4camper)

Technology Us: php and Oops, Jquery, Ajax, javascripts
Framework: Cake PHP
Database: My SQL
Description:  It's  a  vehicles  management  user  register.  search  contact  address,  contact  friends,  contacts
vehicles. ISO and Android App Web services.

MVC framework Projects (http://magicrunners.modelsbazaar.com/)

Technology Us: php and Oops, Jquery, Ajax, javascripts
Framework: Cake PHP
Database: My SQL
Description: Courier management system. Android App Web services.

Summer Training
Training Centre name: HP Training Centre at IIIT Allahabad
Project: Student Portal Website
Platform: ASP.net with C# and MS SQL 2005
Role: Page Designing, coding, testing
Team member: 4
Duration: One month

Description: The Project entitled Student Portal Website provides complete online information to the student
on their academic information related to exam & assessment, finance details, class schedules and subject
scheduling for the current semester. It also provides an efficient interface tools to the visitors of the website.

Extra Curricular Accolades
• Participated in organizing the Technical Fest 'YANTRA' in college.
• Assigned as a decoration head of cultural programs at School level
• Participated in the workshop on "Exploiting Java and Web Technologies in the age of Internet "organized by
the Center of Professional studies, University of Allahabad scheduled from 19 to 21February, 2010.

Achievements
• Part of the team which was the Winner of Inter Cricket Championship in 2006
• Athletics champion in School

Web Developer
Encrypto Soft Pvt Ltd - August 2012 to February 2013

Worked as a Software Developer in Hatch Concepts from February 2013 to October 2014.

EDUCATION

B. Tech in Computer Science & Engineering
LDC Institute of Technical Studies  -  Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh

K.V.M. Inter College  -  Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Software Skill Set

Languages: PHP, CAKE PHP
Database: MYSQL.
Web Technologies: Ajax, Javascript
Operating Systems
Web Hosting Control Panel

: Win XP, Win 7, Mac
: CPanel

Desktop FTP Client
Applications
CMS
Payment Gateway Integration

: Filezilla
: MS - Office […]
: Word press, Open Cart
: EBS

