Krishan Lal

Marketing Executive - Indraprastha Gas Limited

Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Krishan-Lal/5a24d05f582c291d

● Employ my experience in finance in a competitive working environment to make a significant contribution
to the financial stability of the firm and achieving companies and own financial goals.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Marketing Executive
Indraprastha Gas Limited  -  Delhi, Delhi - August 2014 to Present

is  a  joint  venture  between  GAIL,  BPCL  and  Govt.  Of  NCT  of  Delhi,  this  is  dealing  in  CNG/PNG  Gas
distribution in Delhi-NCR region. From 1st Aug. 2014, I am working here as a Marketing Executive and my
job  responsibilities  are  billing  as  well  as  sales  budgeting  for  Noida,  G.Noida  and  GHZ  for  industrial  and
commercial customers, variance analysis, Master records maintenance and co-ordination with customers if
required, interaction with industrial and commercial customers for collection of Form D and Form E of sales
tax and send them to head office.

Technological Knowledge
Software: Good command on MS Excel/Word/Tally7.2, 9.0 & Tally ERP and also work experience in SAP-
ISU Module and CRM.

EDUCATION

Master of Business Administration in Finance
ICFAI University
May 2017

Bachelor of Commerce in Accounts & Taxation and Economics
DELHI UNIVERSITY  -  Delhi, Delhi
November 2011

CBSE in Accounts & Taxation and Economics
SECONDARY AND HIGHER SECONDARY  -  Delhi, Delhi
May 2007

Certificate in Management
ICFAI University
May 2005

SKILLS

billing (3 years), budgeting (3 years), CRM. (3 years), CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (3
years), Excel (3 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Skills
● Knowledge of SAP ISU Module - billing, device maintenance and CRM software.
● Maintenance of books of account and reconcile them.
● Sales and service tax calculation and return submission.
● Assisting and doing internal audit.
● Budgeting and tracking variance.
● Report to management on variances from the established budget, and the reasons for those variances.
● Maintain banking relationships.
● Timely execution and management of statutory compliances.
● Preparing ad-hoc reports and presenting them to seniors.
● Efficiency in effective liaison within and outside of company.
● Capable to handle accounts receivable and account payable accounts.
● Preparation of final account and financial year closing entries.
● Excellent knowledge of MS Excel.

