Mahesh Giri

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Giri/5ba8c7f8d42b771e

Achievement-driven, result-oriented interested to work & obtain a challenging post at your reputed organization
that will utilize both my educational background and professional experience to contribute my own to fulfil the
organization's missions that creates an excellent opportunities for career development & personal growth.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Marketing Executive
Smart Educare Pvt Ltd  -  Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh - February 2015 to Present

currently working on the position of marketing excutive i achive easily cpmpany's target

Business Development Executive
Smart Educare Pvt Ltd  -  Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh - February 2015 to Present

Varanasi. Expertise Task: Customized Sales of Organizations' Services in Education
Duties and Responsibilities: As a Business Development Executive, I've been assigned following tasks:
✓ Visit to schools for company purpose of sales involved for recommendations for students to create the sales
volume & increase the maximum profit to company
✓ Actively involvement in Sale activities to increase the profit volume of company
✓ Handling sales activities in a particular territory recommended by sales & marketing department
✓ Developing the scope of smart educations in Kids with a generic policy, strategy & delivering on objectives
of company
✓ Creating franchised sales to implement & facilitate an effective local & national marketing strategy
✓ Participation of company sponsorships for conferences and events for the product awareness
✓ Monitoring & reporting to senior managers on the responses with effectiveness
✓ Develop and maintain with team and to manage the teamwork to generate profit for company
✓ Maintain and develop a computerized business prospect and prospect database
✓ Necessarily to perform duties and aid business and organizational development
✓ Achieves marketing and sales operational objectives by contributing marketing and sales information.

Marketing Executive
"Aircel Limited"  -  Delhi, Delhi - September 2013 to February 2015

Job  Profile  as  Executive,  Marketing:  Job  Title:  Marketing  Executive  Division:  Organization's  Marketing
Resources: Region: West & North Delhi Industry: The Money Transfer Industry Reports: Manager, Business
Development Duties and Responsibilities:- As a Executive, Marketing, the following tasks are assigned:
✶ Track and ensure outline activities and marketing campaigns.
✶ Create the market of money remittance
✶ Register the new retailers
✶ Trained the retailers.
✶ Help the retailers in money transfer activity.
✶ Manage relationship between retailers and distributors.
✶ Create distribution channel of money remittance
✶ Manage the distribution channels
✶ Maintain & report on equipments suitability for direct marketing & sales guys reporting purposes.

EDUCATION

MBA in "Marketing Management and Finance Management"
"United institute of Management"  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh

English & Geography
Allahabad University  -  Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh

Natural Science
GS Highschool, Bihar Board  -  Patna, Bihar

SKILLS

MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY:
• Practical experience of working with Microsoft Office, excel and power point.

STRENGTHS:
• My ability to prioritize my tasks assigned to me is preferred to complete effectively and efficiently.
• Before starting a work I firstly plan my works that is my USP to organize a task.
• Always assume my tasks well organized.
• Multitasking and assuming responsibilities and duties.
• I initiate a task to assemble all responsibility and duties.

