Pinki Verma

Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pinki-Verma/0b3ce041b94614d0

❒ 8th Months Experience with FDC Pharma
❒ 4th Months Experience with R.P.G.Lifes Sciences
❒ 6th Month Experience with Rapross Pharma PVT Ltd.
❒ Possess over 1.6 year of experience in Business development, Sales & Marketing, Customer Relationship
Management, Channel Management & Team Management.
❒ Handle the marketing/ business development activities like analysing market trends & establishing healthy
relations with key decision makers.
❒ Gained experience in client servicing, process operations and experience of implementing procedures &
service standards for business excellence.
❒ MBA specializing in Sales and Marketing from SMU, Delhi in 2012.
❒ An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with the ability to relate to people
at any level of business and management.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Marketing Executive
p

Responsibilities:
❒ Territory analysis through auditing the prescriptions received by retailers for understanding new and existing
product market potential.
❒ Product promotions by effective in chamber communication based on doctor product matrix and demand
specific prescription support for meet the target.
❒ Establishing good relationship with the doctors involve them launch activity/Camps/CME's etc for generating
further revenue.
❒ Interfacing with the retailers and stockiest to enhance the sales of the products.
❒ Coordinate with team to maintain high growth of sales.

EDUCATION

MBA in Marketing & Sales
Sikkim Manipal University
2012

Bachelor of Arts
H.P. University shimla
2005

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CORE COMPETENCIES

Sales & Marketing/ Business Development
❒  Exploring  potential  business  avenues  to  penetrate  new  accounts  and  expand  existing  clientele  through
company's strategy and defined process.

❒ Achieving grow3th and profitability through build the customer and market base by identifying new customer
and redefining product positioning by effectively delivering my role and responsibilities.

Relationship Management
❒ Interacting with the clients and device innovative approaches and strategies to build strong relationship with
Customers.
❒ Handling customers queries for better turnaround time and customer satisfaction.

Dealer / Distributor Management
❒ Identifying and networking with financially strong and reliable advisors / dealers networks, resulting in deeper
market penetration and reach.
❒ Evaluating performance & monitoring channel sales and marketing activities.

IT SKILLS

Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows vista
Applications: Microsoft office & Internet Applications

