To be associated with a progressive organization that gives me scope to apply my knowledge and skills, and
be a part of a team that dynamically works towards the growth of the organization.
Seeking  a  position  as  an  engineer  in  initiatives  that  utilize  state-of-the  art,  software  and/or  hardware
components with a creative, technology-driven organization in an environment that encourages innovative
thinking, recognition and career development.Coustomer interaction is a plus.
Improve constantly; promote innovations and flexibility for achieving organizational goals and set standards
for others to emulate
Aim to be associated with a Progressive organization that gives me the scope to share my knowledge and
skills in accordance with the latest trends and be a part of team that dynamically works towards the growth
of organization and gives the satisfaction thereof.
To  obtain  a  creative  and  challenging  position  in  an  organization  that  gives  me  an  opportunity  for  self-
enhancement, while contributing to the symbolic growth of the organization with my pioneering, innovative
and logical skills.
To continually enhance my knowledge, skills and experience by getting involved in
challenging work environment and utilized them for personal and organizational growth
to the best of my ability.
Willing to relocate to: Vadodara, Gujarat - ahemdabad - Bharuch, Gujarat
✓ I would like to achieve fairness in my career while paying full attention. It is my desire work in my healthy
environment where I could prove my ability, Capacity and responsibility I shall do my work honestly that will
be entrusted to me.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
I am trying for a job in design field or writing field as writing and designing is my passion and my life breath
and am a firm believer that a person's skills and humility are the one's that help him grow in any industry.
I am workholic person

Intend to serve Organization where I can apply the best of my knowledge and my executive Creative leadership
and technical skills. And also to build a career with leading corporate along with Committed and dedicated
people, which will help me to work as a key player in challenging and Creative environment
Seeking a challenging position to utilize my skills and abilities in a good organization that offers professional
growth while being resourceful, innovative, and flexible.
To work hard with full determination and dedication to achieve organizational as well as personal goals.
B.E in Computer Science ( PESIT ), 2017. Looking for freshers job in IT field.
Prominent in Java, C++, HTML
Graduated from computer Science and Engineering having well versed knowledge in
Testing. I also have a year of experience. I have done training in Manual and Selenium
testing.

I am a fresher and I am looking for a job in Website Designing.
I am fresher and wish to obtain a position within an organization that will enable me to utility my educational
background, willingness to learn and ability to work well with people.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
objective : 
☆To work and learn with the organization in achieving its objectives and add value to the organisation and
enhance my knowledge and skills in the process
To make successful carrier in IT field as software developer by hard but smart work. And grow to the highest
level in
IT field by constant knowing new technology.
To be a part of an enthusiastic work environment, where I can use my technical skills to accomplish
organizational goals.
To pursue a challenging career in the field of Finance and Accounting with constant learning and contribution
to an organization, where I have the responsibility for using my skills and efforts to achieve valuable results.
Willing to relocate to: Bangalore, Karnataka - Mysore, Karnataka - Mandya, Karnataka
To  work  in  a  challenging  environment  demanding  all  my  skill  and  adapt  myself  in  different  field  for  the
development of the organization with impressive performance.
Willing to relocate to: UTTARAKHAND - UTTARAKHAND UDHAM SINGH NAGAR - Nagar, Rajasthan
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I have done B.Tech in compuer science. I have done 6 months JAVA and SQL training from bangalore. I am
looking for a job as software developer designation. I have good command on practical programming.

i'm a fresher.
no work experience
Certified software tester having knowledge of SQL, PLSQL, HTML, CSS,Core Java.
Currently seeking for job in software testing profile or analyst profile. Ready to
relocate.
TO OBTAIN A FULL TIME POSITION IN YOUR COMPANY BY MAKING USE OF MY KNOWLEDGE AND
CAPABLITY AND PROVIDE MY SHARE FOR THE BETTERMENT OF THE COMPANY.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organizational skills, educational background, and
ability to work well with people.
o Looking forward to an opportunity for working in a dynamic, challenging environment where I can utilize my
skills for developing my career and for the growth of the organization.

o To have strong desire to grow with achievement of company objectives and my goals.
Seeking  opportunity  for  an  entry-level  position  to  work  in  a  reputed  organization  in  the  field  of  Computer
Application  &  Programming  where  my  skills  are  optimally  utilized  as  well  as  enhancing  my  knowledge
practically,  earn  a  job  which  provides  me  job  satisfaction  and  success  in  an  environment  of  growth  and
excellence, while adding value to the organization and also to learn new things from the organization.
CAREER OBJECTIVE

I am looking for challenging position in an organization where I can use my academic and interpersonal skills
and which provide me an opportunity to innovate, gather new ideas and good carrier path.

One year experience, ADOVE PHOTOSHOP
To work in a firm with a professional work driven environment where I can utilize and apply my knowledge,
skills which would enable me as a fresh graduate to grow while fulfilling organizational goals.
Seeking  a  position  as  an  engineer  in  initiatives  that  utilize  state-of-the  art,  software  and/or  hardware
components with a creative, technology-driven organization in an environment that encourages innovative
thinking, recognition and career development.Coustomer interaction is a plus.
To  obtain  a  creative  and  challenging  position  in  an  organization  that  gives  me  an  opportunity  for  self-
enhancement, while contributing to the symbolic growth of the organization with my pioneering, innovative
and logical skills.
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Industry that offers professional growth while being
resourceful, innovative and flexible and to be an accomplished Engineer who is able to find solution to various
engineering problems that arise.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Willing to relocate to: Jalandhar, Punjab
Career Objective:

To work within the IT Environment where I can utilize my knowledge for organization's growth.
To work with a company which appreciates innovation so that I can enhance my knowledge and skills to give
my best for the growth of the company.

ABOUT ME
Quick Learner - Highly motivated and eager to learn new things. Optimist - Strong motivational and leadership
skills.
Excellent communication skills in written and verbal both.
Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Mumbai, Maharashtra
➢ To start my career as a software engineer in an organization where my skills find ample opportunities for
up-gradation of my knowledge and growth of my career along with that organization.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Friendly behaviour,I will make from my side to take company on good position

Aspiring to become an asset to the institute with commitment and dedication.
To become member of a core team of an organization through my hrishikesh.mulay@hotmail.com
creativity, devotion & self- motivating skills towards the
development of organization. Contribute towards the improvement (+91) […]
of work culture and rise to a key-position. Enrich and enhance my
knowledge and skills and make contributions to the organizations linkedin.com/in/mulayhrishikesh
growth.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
I am a fresher and want to work parttime as well as comfortable with full time . i am a STUDENT persuing
my carrier in SYBSC CS....!!!!!!!!!
Jobseeker with B.Sc in Computers currently living in Hyderabad / Secunderabad
To obtain a platform in a professional organization which will provides me ample opportunities to contribute in
the growth of the organization as well as in the development of my own skills
I am passionate about my work.

My interet is in web designing,database maintaining and I like playing games.I have done 6 month internship
from OIL Duliajan and from HCL-CDC Guwahati.
A Challenging position in an organization where my technical and analytical skills would be applied for the
betterment of the organization.
Looking for challenging opportunity to explore my strength and potential in a professional organization and
meet the need of an organization.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Obtaining the post of an Engineer in an organization that will give me the chance to utilize my
skills for the progress of an organization.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
I am interested in purely day shift job. I have worked in hcl also.
Seeking  a  professional  career  in  an  organization,  this  can  provide  responsibility  and  looking  to  work  in  a
stimulating environment which provides challenging opportunities and sample scope for learning.
Engage and contribute to the delivery of sustained results for Business Enterprise
Influence and foster innovations in engineering, technology and improvements to community of practice to
benefit client interests
CORE CAREER VALUES

Integrity, honesty and commitment to professional excellence in delivering results
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
To look for new frontier that challenges my professional and intellectual ability and continually to excel and
make career in the industry. Interested in IT comapnies and in telecom.Now i will do AMIE also apart from
my job.
To learn and function effectively in an organization and be able to deliver to the bottom-line. To constantly
upgrade my knowledge and skills and make a difference in whatever I do.
To work with software industry where I can utilize my academic knowledge and also
learn and upgrade my skills
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
