ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technologies: Perl
Team: Product Creation Tool (PCT)
Role: Developing and Testing
Description:
The binary compatibility analysis tool will check two releases of software components of Symbian OS, and
report if there is any break, which is required to maintain the software components, so that the third party
application work properly. The script extracts the library symbols and its ordinals, and report if any change
appears when compared with new releases of the library.

OpenVPN LoadTest Software July 2006 - Sept 2007
Client: OOMA, US
Employer: Wipro Technologies, Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore
Environment: C, Posix Threads, OpenVPN software, Linux
Role: requirement gathering, designing, developing software & system testing
Description:
Open VPN loadtest software application is designed to load Open VPN software and asses its capabilities
in terms of client connections. Measure the performance of the client connections with respect to stability,
loss of packets over communication channel, latency per client when load on server is high and band width
for the clients. The Open VPN tunnel allows secure connection between clients and server using SSL. The
requirement was to analyze Open VPN software, design application to load the Open VPN server with as much
clients as possible from single machine till system can't handle and measure the client-server communication
performance parameters like latency, throughput and packet loss.

Multi Sensor data Fusion software for AKASH SAM System. Jan 2005 - Jun 2006
Employer: DRDO , Bangalore
Environment: Lynx RTOS, C & VME Backplane Communication

Role: Developer and integration with other sub systems
Description:
Multi Sensor data fusion software is the master software on the Battery Command Center (BCC) controlling
the AKASH Surface to Air Missiles, where in the information given to commander sitting at the console, should
be able to see and take decision based on the real time threats of the targets. The target reports are coming
from two sensors viz. Battery Level Radar (BLR- Fire control radar) and Battery Surveillance Radar (BSR)
which need to be fused and presented to commander as one target in consolidated complete air picture. The
fusion process is combination of correlation and association process. The data seen at BCC should also be
sent to a master GCC using serial communication in real time.

Group Command Center (GCC) simulator for BCC. Sept 2004 - Jan 2005
Employer: DRDO , Bangalore
Environment: C, C++, Window XP
Role Designer, Developer and integration with the system.
Description:
BCC is single system with fire control radar of some Km range and some degree in azimuth coverage. The
GCC takes four to eight such BCC's and give a more complete and better air picture over a wider area. Thus
integration & testing with such system for proper development of BCC MSF software is needed. So, simulator
is needed for real time communication with BCC to show the correctness of BCC software by both online
display and offline-logged data after extraction and analysis. A simulator was developed which runs two parallel
threads for input and output. Queues were maintained maintaining I/P and O/P buffers. The communication
incorporates full handshake through serial ports.

PROJECTS

Popular Movies - github.com/dhermanu/PopularMoviesI May 2016
• Developed a responsive Android mobile application that displays popular and top rated movies retrieved
from TheMovieDB API. Also the application saves and displays favorite movies (Java, Retrofit, Picasso)
• Built the UI for both tablet and phone (XML)

M's Code - github.com/dhermanu/mscode-app August 2015
• Designed and developed an Android mobile application that encodes and decodes Morse's code into texts,
light, or sound (Java)
• Responsible for the UI/UX design and frontend of the Android application (XML)

Telecom Customer Web Application March 2015
• Developed a dynamic web application using Spring Framework that allows customers to have their own
billing accounts.
• Responsible for testing the application using JUnit (Java)
• Applied different software design patterns such as the Singleton, Model View Control, and Strategy pattern

Projects
• ERP system which consists of:
- Local management system.
- ADSL customer management (Internal web application to manage ISP customers, reducing the paper work
and automating the ADSL order process).
- Reporting system.
- Ticketing system.
- Users and permissions management system (role and user level).
• Websites:
http://www.runnet.sy
http://standsworld.com/
http://hseworld.net 
http://www.consultationteam.net
http://tareksaada.com/
http://fallouh.net/
http://latakiacc.org

• Web application to manage GSM modem and other web services.
PROJECTS
--------------------------------------
1. TweetBlog

• Created a Java Enterprise Web Application that allows users to maintain the group blog.
• Established system had a public “front page” showing the most recent blog in reverse chronological order,
along with the author and timestamp of each blog.
• Developed and maintained user interface for the application based on product requirements.
• Enabled the users to create an account providing their username and password, later allowing those users
to create a new blog if logged in successfully.
• Used the “Model 2” MVC architecture combining the Servlets, JSPs and Maven dependencies.
-------------------------------------
2. Medical Record System Software (MRSS) 

• Built an interactive real time web application from scratch to store and manage patient’s information online
• Designed, developed and administered login and registration forms and created user interface layout using
standard HTML/CSS practices. 
• Executed functional testing using Selenium IDE and modified unit tests using JUnit framework.
-------------------------------------
3. Ensuring Distributed Accountability for Data Sharing in Cloud.

• Successfully offered security to data which data owner uploaded on cloud

• Developed and maintained front end functionality of the system.
• Experienced writing test plans, developing test scenarios along with test cases and performed manual testing
of the system.
• Published a research paper in the International Journal of Engineering Research and Technology
URL: http://www.ijert.org/view-pdf/7938/data-sharing-ensure-accountability-distribution-in-the-cloud
---------------------------------------
4. Metrics is Agile: SCRUM, XP and other Agile Methods

• Mentored the team of four people.
• Analyzed and demonstrated different concepts of agile methodologies.
---------------------------------------
5. Weather Application
• Developed a weather application using an Open Source API which gives current weather data for any location
on Earth including over 200,000 cities.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
• Databases, and Client/Server Applications Expertise (MySQL, MS SQL and Access)
• Advanced education in Software and Hardware
•  Excellent  communication,  analytical,  interpersonal,  and  presentation  skills;  expert  at  managing  multiple
projects simultaneously.
• Designed front-end, back-end and middle tier applications
• Extensive experience working with survey packages (SPSS)
• In-depth knowledge of Rational Unified Process (RUP); risk engineering; data modeling and mapping; and
design using UML, and Visio
• Strong knowledge in the Internet Technology and E-commerce
• Knowledge in programming: HTML, Java/JSP, C/C++, Visual Basic.Net, JavaScript, PHP, ASP.Net, ASP
and CSS

ANALYTICAL/ORGANIZATION/RESEARCH

• Researched, compiled, prepared and presented reports, business requirements and other relevant material
to groups and individuals
• Interfaced with business users to prepare and update Business Process Requirements (BPR) and Software
System Requirements (SSR). Created test cases and test scripts.
• Conducted System design and development required for business process 
• Assimilated and analyzed complex issues and concepts in order to dissect, simplify and resolve problems,
both in hands-on and simulated scenarios
• Applied change requests, versions, and addendums.

COMMUNICATION/PRESENTATION/PUBLIC RELATIONS

• Communicated with all levels of authority on matters related to technical and non-technical issues through
the effective use of interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills
• Prepared and delivered numerous speeches in front of large number of delegates
• Organized and coordinated social events and club activities between other clubs while in the position of Lead
Mentor
• Communicated verbally and in writing with different departments.

TECHNICAL CAPABILITIES
Databases and Data Modeling
• Developed back-end databases for web applications (MS SQL) 
• Modeled project prioritization data and helped to develop databases

• Developed tools to automate the storage and presentation of environmental data, as well as to provide for
data entry and reporting. These were client-server applications of PC desktop tools that used data from remote
servers. (Microsoft Access, Excel, MS SQL on Windows) 
•  Managed  data,  including  data  entry  oversight,  statement  of  work  preparation,  data  modeling,  report
development 
Web Development
• Assorted web development projects mostly involving PHP access to a MySQL database, with considerable
HTML design and JavaScript enhancement
• Developed an e-commerce site - both back-end administration pages and customer interfaces using ASP.Net,
MS SQL, and VB.Net
•  Applied  graphic  design  principles  to  produce  innovative  print  documents  and  Websites  (Macromedia
Freehand, Fireworks, and Dreamweaver)
• Designed layouts for web interfaces using a combination of web technologies including Macromedia Flash
Programming
• Object-Oriented Programming, Data Abstraction and Problem Solving with Java 
•  Distinguished  theoretical  and  practical  knowledge  of  Object-Oriented  methodologies,  Object-Oriented
Analysis and Design, UML, Use-Case-driven development, the Unified Software Development Process, and
the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
• Created system architecture and design using the UML Analysis Model and Design Model
• Developed business applications with data-entry operations and other design perspectives using VB.Net
Major project: Hybrid cloud approach for data secure authorised deduplication.
Team Size: 2
Platform: J2EE, Java script, JSP

Mini project
Title: Company information tracking system
Team Size: 2
Platform: J2EE, Java script, JSP
TRANNING & TECHNICAL SKILL
• Attended Workshop on WEB DESIGNING By ERUDITE IT SOLUTION in Aryabhata Institute of Technology
& Science.
• I Attended the project work of government of telangana.CENSES & ADDHAR LINK WITH VOTER ID
Main Project (M Tech):

Title: DATA ALLOCATION ON WIRELESS CHANNEL USING KEYWORDS
Environment: core java.

Description:

The  rapid  development  of  wireless  network  and  powerful  portable  computer  technologies  has  accelerated
the development of mobile computing technologies and wireless information systems, thus resulting in the
increased and widespread use of mobile computing devices. A large number of mobile users carrying portable
devices will be able to access the information from anywhere and at any time. Energy-and latency-efficiency
are two critical issues in wireless data broadcast system. Two basic performance metrics namely access time
and tuning time are used to measure energy-and latency-Efficiencies. In Wireless Environment broadcasting
is an effective and scalable technique to disseminate information to large number of mobile clients. Several
Indexing  techniques  are  there  for  accessing  data  items  on  Broadcast  channel,  It  reduces  the  tuning  time.
Previously indexing methods were proposed for full text searches they are targeted for data in disk storage.
For text searches in wireless broadcast channel, index scheme using keyword search will be implemented with
the help of inverted list index method and full-text search algorithm. And analysis of index scheme performance
will be done with respect to latency and energy usage. Index scheme will be implemented by using IEEE
802.11.g as communication media.
Solution Provided:
In Wireless environments data broadcasting is widely used for information delivery services due to its beneficial
characteristics such as bandwidth efficiency, energy efficiency and scalability. This project a novel indexing
scheme which is and latency efficient for text retrieval queries on the wireless broadcast data stream has been
implemented. The Text retrieval on the disk storage is different from wireless one.

First, a simple, inverted list-style index method is constructed. In order to reduce the tuning time overhead (i.e.
Energy waste) caused by the sequential scan of the inverted list, an additional level of index structure, which
is the index tree for the inverted list is added. For both methods, their extended versions have been devised,
wherein the inverted list and the index tree are replicated: (1, α) and (1, α (1, β)) methods.
Calculations of access time and Tuning time will be done in both the methods and results shows that Tuning
time of (1, α (1, β)) method is less compare to Tuning time of (1, α) method. Therefore by using two level
index structure (inverted index list and tree index) Full Text search operation can be done faster compare to
single level index structure (inverted index list)

Main Project (B Tech):

Title: Two Way Messaging
Environment: Asp.Net, C#.Net, SQL Server 2005.

Description:

Two  Way  Messaging  platform  which  allows  you  to  receive  SMS,  besides  sending  SMS.  This  allows  you
complete  flexibility  in  managing  your  incoming  message.  You  can  modify/alter  or  delete  these  received
messages  as  per  your  need.  The  Two-Way  SMS  feature  works  using  a  'KEYWORD'  as  identifier  of  your
messages. The keyword should be greater than 4 characters. When an SMS message is received, the gateway
will evaluate the content of the message, and can either execute a program, or connect to an HTTP URL,
based upon the content of the message.
The  decision  of  how  to  process  a  received  message  is  based  upon  the  first  "word"  of  the  received  SMS
message. In the terminology of gateway, this first word of the received message is called the "SMS Command
Prefix". Based upon this "SMS Command Prefix", the gateway will execute a command associated with the
prefix.

Solution Provided:
So many websites which gives information is not up to "user satisfaction". There is a lot of information resources
on internet but nothing can be communicated through cell phones. There is no possibility to send reply to
source. So, we are having ability to send information to users directly to their cell phones which is the most
effective way of advertising. It is also used for institutes, social welfare groups etc. It is satisfactory in security
concerns by building Admin and Gateway modules.

The whole process of the Two Way Messaging application is basically divided in three main modules.

1. Advertiser module
1. Admin module and
2. Gateway module
PROJECT DETAILS
• Online Railway Reservation System using Oracle at the backend & VB at the frontend.
• Student Placement Management System using php as the primary scripting language & MySQL Database
for backend support & Notepad++ IDE for development and design.
Project 1:-

Project Title: cyber security management
Duration: 1 1 year
Front end: PHP
Back end: MY SQL
Responsibility: analyzing, designing programming and testing

Project 2:-

Project Title: digital F.I.R
Duration: 1 year
Front end: Android+PHP
Back end: MY SQL
Responsibility: analyzing, designing programming and testing
PROJECT:
Title: Universal pizza management, Medical store

DESCRIPTION:
This Universal pizza management project can be used by different peoples who worked at pizza centers and
who are booking pizza which keeps a detail computerized of all customers and products has been supplied.

PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN

PROJECT TITLE E-logistics for Warehouse Management

TECHNOLOGY Jsp, Mysql

DESCRIPTION
The aim of the project is warehouse management of goods for enabling
Customer satisfaction there by achieving firms objectives
Language of implementation: C++
Operating system: Windows 98/XP/07
Description: This Supermarket Billing System will handle all the activities of super market.I have
learned from this project is to convert the existing manual system to automated sales process system.With
this project salesperson can manage data automatically.
Project name: E-GURU
Language of implementation: PHP
Operating system: Windows 98/XP/07
Description: The purpose of this E-Learning Management System project is to develop a back-end
application for e-learning applications and queries using graphical user interface It allows for flexible data
format and delivery of its data so that each analysis application can receive only the information it needs
and in the format required.
1. B.Sc. (Computer Science) Project:
Project Title: Service Center
Duration: 3 Months
Technologies used: Front End - PHP, Back End-MySQL
Description: This system is developed for Service Center to properly maintain the records in Service Center.
It maintains information about Customer Details, Billing details, Available Services, Maintainance.
Role: System Designer, Developer
Team Size: 2

2. M.C.A (Management) Projects (Internship):
Project Title: Goddhod
Duration: 4 Months
Technologies used: PHP, HTML
Description: This project is an e-commerce website related to all sweets and dry fruits .It contains informational
pages like OTP (one time password), Create Account, Shopping Cart and Invoice. The Home page gives
information of all the products.
Team Size: 1
Academic Project:
➢ Project Title: Request Dispatching for Cloud Data Centers

➢ Duration: 4 Months

➢ Web Application: JSP, JavaScript, HTML

➢ Database: SQL Server 2000

➢ Team size: Single
Project Details:-
Online Examination System
Role Programmer
Technology Asp.NET, C#.NET, SQL SERVER 2012
Team Size 4
Key Features Used in Project: Stored procedure, Trigger, Cursor, AJAX Control Tool kit, DB Constraints
Description
The computer based solutions are being developed as per the requirements of our day to day jobs. Earlier the
ONLINE EXAMINATIONs had to face so many problems during worked manually in ONLINE EXAMINATIONs
that's why Staffs were also facing the same problems.
But now with the help of this software we can open any type of Student detail like:- Name, Address, date of
birth, Contact number, Student registration number, Exams Paper etc.
Beside  all  of  these  this  software  also  stores  the  information  about  all  Examiners  of  the  ONLINE
EXAMINATIONs.  Such  as-  Examiner  Name,  Specialty,  Address,  Examiner  registration  number,  Contact
number etc.
PROJECT DETAILS
• Online Railway Reservation System using Oracle at the backend & VB at the frontend.
• Student Placement Management System using php as the primary scripting language & MySQL Database
for backend support & Notepad++ IDE for development and design.
B.E Project:

• Title: WiFi Enable Indoor Position System.
• Description: The application finds the indoor position of client using WiFi like GPRS in perticular building.
• Technology Used:Android.

T.E Projects:

➢ Project 1
• Title: Attendance Management System.
• Technology Used: Front-End:-Vb.net, Back-End: - Oracle 10g.

➢ Project 2
• Title:Result Analysis System.
• Technology Used: Front-End:- Asp.net, Back-End: - Oracle 10g.

Mini-Project: Online Voting System - Organizational basis Duration: 90 days
Team Size: 3
Language used: HTML, PHP, JavaScript
Database: MySQLi
A web-based application that enables an organizational level online voting system which provides security in
the sense that voter 's token number is confirmed before the vote is accepted in the main database confirming
his/her vote goes to correct candidate.

Main Project: Open Road Tolling by Pattern Recognition - Toll Automation Duration: 90 days
Team Size: 4
Language used: HTML, Java, JavaScript, Android, Swing
Database: MySQL Workbench 6.3 CE
A  web-based  application,  mobile  application  and  a  swing  application  for  admin,  user  and  booth  operator
respectively enables to keep an eye on the vehicles passing through a booth, if applicable pull in details from
Motor Vehicle Department, and have a QR-code scanned for the toll payment; which means people can go
cash-free help save time, avoids fuel loss and monitors the traffic, and as a future enhancement can add in
theft-alert.
PROJECT Criminal Face Identification System (B. Tech - 7th Sem)

Project Details

: This software generally contains personal information about particular person along with photograph. To
identify  any  Criminal  we  need  some  identification  regarding  person,  which  are  given  by  eyewitness.  To
overcome this sort of problem we are developing software.
Tools & Technology: Java (Java Swing, AWT), Oracle 10g
Team Size: 2 Members
Responsibility: Developer (Back-end coding)

STRENGTHS

➢ Quick learner, adaptive
➢ Self-motivating & positive attitude
➢ Punctuality
➢ Good analytical & logical skills
➢ Like to work in a team
➢ Responsible, dedicated & hard working

Projects
Online Mobile Billing and Customer care system in PHP
Minor Project: Online Student Attendance System
Team Size: 3 members
Duration: 2 months
Description: Online website based student attendance system capable of taking student's attendance of a
particular class, branch and semester. Project has 2 user domains faculty domain and student domain.

Industrial Training:
Company/ Organization: Ducat
Project Name: Warehouse
Technology Used: Salesforce
Project Title "Petrol Pump Inventory System "
Technologies Used Java, JSP, Javascript, CSS, MYSQL 5.6
Software Used Eclipse
Duration 6 Months
Team Size 2
Responsibilities Requirement Analysis, Designing, , Development, Documentation, Testing
Project Details
The project gives the detail inventory about Petrol pump. System are stored using MYSQL. .The inventory
reports are generated daily.It also keep record of employee attendance.
