Akash Gupta

Accounts Executive - Sumangalam Retailers Private Limited

Kolkata, West Bengal - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akash-Gupta/d34cf7acd59d23d3

A qualified Cost & Management Accountant with over a year of experience in a manufacturing industry.My
experience during the working period has widened my perspective and has given me a sense of understanding
of business from a practical point of view.I would welcome an opportunity to consolidate my knowledge leading
to  career  growth  and  positive  contribution  to  your  organization.My  ability  to  work  in  a  team  and  analytical
skills will definitely be an additional advantage in pursuing my objectives and contributing to your esteemed
organisation.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
Sumangalam Retailers Private Limited  -  Kolkata, West Bengal - June 2015 to Present

Sumangalam Retailers Pvt. Ltd. Is a distributor of Cruiser & Duckback brands of bags authorized by Bihar
Rubber Co. Ltd. Of Bihar, India.The Co. has been established in 2004 and has diversified ites business in all
over West Bengal, Bihar, Orissa & Chattisgarh.

Key Responsibilities
• Preparation and filing of TDS return.
• Day to day entry of sales and vouching of entries in Tally ERP
• Handling of all transactions of banks and preparing Bank Reconcilation Statement on regular basis.
• Handling Cash transaction in the counter and getting familiar with various products as well.

Assistant Manager-Commercial
Gupta Power Infrastructure Ltd  -  Bhubaneshwar, Orissa - May 2013 to January 2015

Liaison
Gupta Power Infrastructure Ltd - 2014 to 2014

is a manufacturing dome engaged in manufacture of Cables & Conductors.The company has striven over 50
years and developed a diversified, mature and strong manufacturing base with robust performance design of
products. The Company has soared to newer heights by achieving a record turnover of more than Rupees
1600 crores at the end of financial year 2013-2014.

Key Responsibilities
• Liaison with Production team in planning of the orders in hand for meeting the technical specifications and
scheduled date of delivery of the orders after reviewing the sales orders.
• Deriving requirement of raw materials of the orders in hand manually and comparing the same with SAP for
ensuring the accuracy and adherence to the prevailing system.
• Decision support for execution of the orders right from its receipt to dispatch of materials and feeding of the
data related to orders in SAP (SD Module)
• Estimating the cost of the material for making offer for supply to the purchasers, acceptance of the orders
and reporting the same to the head of the department.
• Providing correct reporting of obsolete and non-moving stocks to Head of the department and highlighting
the same to the management for enabling timely corrective action.

• Assist in raising inspection offer for the inspection of materials after forecasting tentative date, regarding
the readiness of materials, on which maximum benefit could be achieved through price variation clause, if
applicable in the order.
• Giving commercial clearance checklist for every dispatch.
• Pre audit & checking of all LC's.Checking and giving clearance to all customers draft LC.
• Supporting internal control activities like self-audit, physical verification etc.

Article Assistant (Articleship)
Das Roy & Associates - July 2010 to July 2013

Did a variety of audits which includes stock audits, concurrent audits, statutory audits and bank audits. Notable
clients  include  Herbochem  Remedies  India  Pvt.  Ltd.,  Jeet  Construction  &  Consultant,  Lokenath  Group  of
Enterprises, United Bank of India, State Bank of India
• Responsible for the preparation and filing of Service Tax Returns.
• Responsible for the preparation and filing of Excise Returns.

EDUCATION

Cost & Management Accountant
Institute of Cost Accountants of India
December 2012

B.Com
Prafulla Chandra College, Kolkata (Calcutta University)  -  Kolkata, West Bengal
2009

Education
Lajpat High School
2006

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY

• Well Conversant with MS-Office and internet
• Knowledge of SD Module in SAP viz. VA41, VA42, VA43, VA01, VA02, VA03, VA45N, VA05N, ZCONTRACT,
ZCHECKLIST, ZBATSTOCK, XD01, XD02, XD03, ZCOMINV
• Conversant with FI Moduie in SAP viz. FS10N, FB03, MB5B, J1IUN, YMM_J1IH, YMM_J1I5N, YMM_J1I6N
done during the period of articleship.

LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY

• English, Hindi, and Bengali

OTHER INTEREST

• Yogas, Cricket and Singing.

