Himanshi Sharma

Accounts Executive - Eastern Book Co. Pvt. Ltd

Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Himanshi-Sharma/3ccf802393332920

• To make a sound position and work enthusiastically to achieve goals with devotion and hard work.
• To secure a job which provides me satisfaction and opportunities for self-development and at the same time
helps me achieve personal as well as organization goals successfully.
• To set new standards of performance by adopting a methodical approach for work assigned.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
Eastern Book Co. Pvt. Ltd  -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh - November 2015 to Present

Period of work: From 17th Nov, 2015 - Presently Working
Nature of work performed:
Preparation of Bills, Overviewing Outstanding's, Maintaining of inventory and other related details, Making
Ledger  Entries,  Handling  Dishonoured  Cheques,  Preparation  of  TDS  &  Service  Tax  returns,  Bank
Reconcilation, Preparing and Maintaining reports of AP & AR, Daily Book Keeping, Dealing in Refund Cases,
Making Credit Notes & handling commission cases& Coordinating with other departments.

2. 3R Consulting Services
Shahdra
Department: Accounts and Taxation

Accounts Executive
3R Consulting  -  Shahdara, Delhi - December 2013 to October 2015

Period of work: From 01st Dec, 2013 - 31st October, 2015
Nature of work performed: Performing the general accounting work and preparation of TDS & Service Tax
returns, preparation of balance sheets and other routine accounting works.

* Taxation:
• Income Tax Returns: Filed Income Tax Returns during the above period
• Consulted Various Clients on Taxation Issues.
• Filed TDS Returns and Conducted 40 Tax Audits including Online Uploading of Tax Audit Reports with DSC
Authentication.
• Service Tax Registration of 8 Clients, Filing of Tax Returns and
Computation and Compliances as per the Act.

* Advisory Services
• Consultancy given on Income Tax Act and Wealth Tax for various issues (Capital Gains, Tax deducted at
source, Assessments, Salary, etc to the Corporate assesses.
• Consultancy given on Service Tax ( Reverse Charge, Exemption Notification, Negative List, Services etc)

Articleship Experience
1) Krishan Murari and Co.
Chartered Accountants
Sector -12, Noida

Period of Articleship: 20th August 2010 to 20th November 2010
Description of Work done:
* Accounting
Maintaining books of accounts of Individual, Partnership Firms as per governing statue and its finalization
process such as preparation of financial statements.
* Compliances
Relating to Company Laws and able to file various e-Form required to be filed with Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

2) Rohit Kc Jain and Co.

assistant in preparing appeals & cases before Income Tax Authorities
Chartered Accountants  -  New Delhi, Delhi - November 2010 to September 2013

New Delhi
Period of Articleship: 21st November 2010 to 30th September 2013

Description of Work done:
* Taxation
* Preparing and filing of Income Tax Return (including e-returns), in case of Companies, Partnership firms and
Individuals and preparation of Tax Audit reports, Computation of income.
* Preparing and filing of TDS return and Service Tax return.
* Worked as an assistant in preparing appeals & cases before Income Tax Authorities.
* Computation of advance tax.
* Rectifications of Order.
* Administrative assistance on matters such as PAN, Refund Orders and other Tax regulatory clearances.
* Preparation and filing of replies to TDS default notices..
* Drafting of various agreements & deeds.

Auditing
Statutory Audit, Tax Audit, Internal Audit, Bank Audit.

* Accounting
Maintaining books of accounts of Individual, Partnership Firms as per governing statue and its finalization
process such as preparation of financial statements.
* Compliances
Relating to Company Laws and able to file various e-Form required to be filed with Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
* Highlights of Clientele Exposure
RP  Foam  Home  Pvt.  Ltd.  (Leading  PU  Foam  Manufacturer),  Amoliq  Jewelers  Pvt.  Ltd.  (Manufacturer  of
gold jewelry.), Super LPG Appliances (Manufacturer of LPG Stove), Grand Notting Hills Hotels AND Resorts
Pvt. Ltd (Event Management Company), Bank Of India and PNB (Banking), Ishaan Metals Pvt. Ltd (Leading
Commodity Broker) . SJ Designs Pvt. Ltd. (Exporter of Readymade Garments), Takshila Education Society
(Running Delhi Public School in various states), Samajik Suvidha Sangam (Government society) etc.

EDUCATION

CS
ICSI  -  New Delhi, Delhi
2014

Delhi University  -  Delhi, Delhi
2013

Class XII
Ram-eesh International School  -  New Delhi, Delhi
2009

Class X
Ram-eesh International School  -  New Delhi, Delhi
2007

leadership
Was appointed as head girl of the school
2006

CA - Final in Chartered Accountant
ICAI  -  New Delhi, Delhi

CA Final
ICAI

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Key Skills: Well versed with MS Office and Working Knowledge of Tally and Compu-tax
Family Background Father: Business

I hereby declare that information that I have furnished above is true to my knowledge and belief.

Sd/-
(Himanshi Sharma)

