Neha Srivastava

Accounts executive - Utsav Fashions Pvt. Ltd

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Neha-Srivastava/1a5f61e017e417ec

To work in that organization in which someone will give me a chance to show my strength and
abilities and put the organization on the top among all its competitors.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts executive
Utsav Fashions Pvt. Ltd - August 2011 to Present

Aug '2011

Accounts Assistant
Okhla Industrial Area  -  New Delhi, Delhi - July 2010 to May 2011

since 21st July '2010 to 16th May '2011)
Sant Nagar, East of Kailash, New Delhi - 65

Job profile:

Book keeping:

1. Day-to- Day accounting Viz. Journals, Receipts, Payments, Contra etc. in Busy and Navision (Day
toDay bills entered and Bank entry done in Busy and Navision)
2. Vendor reconciliation
3. Maintenance of filling of records for all JVs & Payments
4. Monthly voucher verification w.r.t. filing and records

Monthly Closing:
1. Preparation of expenses schedules for all given heads including provisioning thereof
2. Coordination with internal departments to ensure timely booking of bills and avoid delay

Cash Management &Imprest:

1. Handling Imprest of operation and admin and accounting thereof
2. Cash management on daily basis & proper custody of Cash
3. Fortnightly follow up for unsettled amount of imprest

Verification& Posting of Tailor bills:

1. Handling and monitoring tailor's payments right from booking of bills to payment thereof within timeline given
2. Proactively informing the tailor / internal counterpart of SCM with payment advice as soon as payment is
made

Periodic report:

1. Preparation of various types of reports and analyzing, reports in Excel.

2. Preparation of monthly Performance Status Reports.
3. Provide information to management, Analyze present daily/ weekly/ monthly work and performance and
client service reports.
4. Design reporting formats to provide accurate information in a clear and concise manner etc.
5. Preparation of shipping report 3 times a month

Updation of Forex Rates:
Keeping track of exchange rate uploaded on the website and monitoring fluctuations as per Forex
Policy

EDUCATION

B.Com
Delhi University  -  Delhi, Delhi
2009

MBA
Lovely Professional University

Diploma in "Industrial Accountant" Course
The Institute of ComputerAccountant  -  New Delhi, Delhi

