Nimish Sharma

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nimish-Sharma/232d1655708139f4

My Search for professionally managed work environment, which is constructively critical interactive as well as
geared to recognize, develops and rewards ideas and initiatives. Since I meet all the required qualifications and
experience conditions, I wish to offer my candidature for the same and supply hereunder my details relevant
to the job. I assure you. Sir, that if selected I shall do my work most conscientiously. If you favour me with an
appointment I shall do my best to work to the entire satisfaction of my superiors.

Currently working in PERFECT WELLNESS PVT. LTD. - (FX GROUP), As Accountant

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
PERFECT WELLNESS PVT.LTD  -  Faridabad, Haryana - May 2012 to Present

COMPANY PROFILE: Perfect Wellness is a Super-Specialty healthcare institution that provides world-class
medical services in Dental Care, Weight Loss, Eye Care, Optical Care, Physiotherapy and. Over the eight
years of the establishment, over 2.5 Lac patrons have entrusted us with their health. Committed to excellence
in the delivery of medical outcomes, our team of experts comprises highly qualified and experienced medical
professionals. Our top-notch infrastructure and technology ensures a huge range of services and treatments
to take care of every concern you may have. Our team of dedicated service professionals brings comfort and
compassion, ensuring that your health and wellbeing remains a priority, no matter what treatment you're going
to undertake.

FUNCTIONAL ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES:
➢ Keep a track of Daily Cash Collection Reconciliation.
➢ Bank Reconciliation On daily basis with net banking statement.
➢ Handling Payment, Receipt, Petty Cash Book, Credit Note. Debit Note.
➢ Bank & Ledger Reconciliation.
➢ Ageing wise Vendor reports.
➢ Unit Reconciliation, Vendor Reconciliation.
➢ Maintained copies of vouchers, invoices, and correspondence necessary for files.
➢ TDS Return

Accounts Executive
R.C.AGARWAL & CO  -  Delhi, Delhi - November 2010 to April 2012

COMPANY  PROFILE:  R.C.AGARWAL  &  CO,  a  firm  of  Indian  Chartered  Accountants  provides  business
advisory solutions including auditing, Indian & International taxation, accounting services, management and
financial  consultancy  services  to  various  corporate  and  commercial  clients  as  well  as  individuals,  trusts,
schools, societies etc. throughout India and abroad. We represent a combination of specialized skills which
are geared to offer sound financial solutions and services.

FUNCTIONAL ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES:
➢ Basically Roles: Accounting, Auditing & Taxation.
➢ Responsible for timely Payment of Income Tax, VAT, TDS, Services Tax & other Statutory Payments.
➢ Maintaining all books of accounts on latest version ERP Tally 9.
➢ Preparation of Income Tax Return, TDS Return & Service Tax Return.

➢ TDS certificates follow-up and reconciliations.
➢ Prepare and maintain various supporting documents like bills, receipts, vouchers, invoices, purchase orders
and records.

Accounts Executive
SAFEXPRESS PVT LTD - June 2007 to October 2010

COMPANY PROFILE: Safexpress has firmly entrenched itself as the 'Knowledge Leader'and 'Market Leader'of
the  supply  chain  &  logistics  industry.Safexpress  offers  a  complete  spectrum  of  supply  chain  &  logistics
services including Express Distribution, 3PL and Consulting Services to enterprise customers. Safexpress
provides services to a vast array of business verticals ranging from Retail & Apparel, Automotive, Engineering,
Electronics, Electrical to Telecom, IT, FMCG, Healthcare and Publishing Industry.

FUNCTIONAL ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES:
➢ Keep a track of Daily Cash Collection Reconciliation.
➢ Bank Reconciliation On daily basis with net banking statement.
➢ Handling Payment, Receipt, Petty Cash Book.
➢ Bank & Ledger Reconciliation.
➢ Contacting customers concerning payment dues and account collections.
➢ Maintained copies of vouchers, invoices, and correspondence necessary for files.

EDUCATION

Master of Commerce
University of Rajasthan
2007

Diploma in Industrial Accountant
Board / Institute
2007

Bachelor of Commerce
University of Rajasthan
2005

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

IT SKILLS

➢ Well versed with MS Office, FoxPro, Busy, Genius, Tally Version- 6.3, 7.2 and Tally ERP 9.
➢ Internet Surfing & Emails.

