RUCHIRA r MALGAONKAR

Accounts Executive - CARNIVAL FILMS ENT PVT. LTD

Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/RUCHIRA-r-MALGAONKAR/79f38d8d921fe9c0

Contribute In achieving company's goal and to grow with the company by utilizing my potential to the fullest
by continuous learning and upgrading my skills thereby adding value to my work place.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
CARNIVAL FILMS ENT PVT. LTD - August 2013 to Present

Doing parties reconciliation as well daily bank reconciliation.
➢ Passing day to day accounting entries in the accounting software voucher entries receipts, payments, contra,
journal, debit note and credit note, purchases bills and purchase Expenses entries.
➢ On Daily Basis preparation of Cheques, NEFT & RTGS documents
➢ Preparation of cash flow.
➢ Petty cash handling of head office.
➢ Making vat tax summary.
➢ Checking Quarterly basis Transfer Accounts for the purpose of preparation of Balance Sheet
➢ Films Distributor Bills are also booked & payments with due care in the Accounting System
➢ Preparing week wise entertainment tax cheque payment.
➢ Preparing month wise show tax cheque payment.
➢ Verify billing rate, discount, credit period, credit Limit of Creditors.
➢ Passed monthly journal entry of provision for expenses.

Accountant
A. V. Securities - September 2012 to April 2013

Managing the day to day office works.
➢ Journals, Purchase, Sales, Receipts and Payment Entries.
➢ Billing & Making Consolidation Data.
➢ Operating Bank Statement & Reconciliation.
➢ Making Quotations etc.
➢ Issue Cheque, NEFT, RTGS & Depositing cheques.
➢ Replacement
➢ Follow of payment
➢ Handling petty cash related work.
➢ Monitor & assist the stock.

HR Recruiter
Creative & Innovative Placement - June 2010 to April 2012

H.R.  Recruiter  (Make  a  call  to  Candidates  &  take  Interview  &  Recruit  them  as  per  their  job  Profile  &
Qualification.)
➢ Screening profiles as per requirement using sourcing tools i.s Times Job and Monster job portals / internal
database / job posting and referrals.
➢ Interacting with the candidates for job openings / scheduling and organizing the interviews.
➢ Making successful salary negotiations &Feedback from candidates.
➢ Handling employees/client queries and Maintaining Good Employee/client relation.

➢ Use social and professional networking sites to identify and source candidates.

EDUCATION

M.COM
Mumbai University  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
March 2015

B.COM
Mumbai University  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
March 2012

MS in Industrial Accountant
Institute of Computer Accounts

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Personal Skills:-

➢ Computer literate and have knowledge ofinternet and Tally.
➢ Working experience in Company software, Excel & SAP.

Area Of Interest:-

Administration, Accounts, Back Office, Finalization of Accounts

