Shweta Mayekar

Accounts Executive - Classic Retail Imaging Solutions Pvt Ltd

Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shweta-Mayekar/a29b669553208001

I  have  over  all  10  years  of  experience  in  Finance  and  Accounts.  Which  is  including  4  and  half  years  of
Experience is related to Accounts payable process.
Worked as an Accounts Executive in Classic Retail Imaging Solutions Pvt Ltd. from Feb 2012 to till date.
Worked as an Accounts Executive in MNC Triveni Bialetti Industries Pvt Ltd. from July 2011 to Feb 2012.
Worked as an Accounts Executive in Accpro Consultants & Advisors Pvt Ltd. from September 2009 to June
2011.
Worked as Accounts Executive From June2008 to Aug2009 in Knowledge Works India Pvt Ltd
Worked as an Accountant From Aug 2006 to May 2008 in Navin D. Thakkar & Co. (C.A.)

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
Classic Retail Imaging Solutions Pvt Ltd - February 2012 to Present

Responsibilities Handled:
➢ Booking of Expenses, Receivables, and Payables.
➢ Reconciliation of bank books and scrutiny of general ledger
➢ Implementing & managing online banking transactions net banking (NEFT/RTGS), payment of taxes
➢ Calculation of statutory compliances such as VAT, Service Tax, WCT & TDS timely payment & return filling
➢ Preparation of Sales and Purchase Registers.
➢ Preparing documents for foreign exchange remittance, import payments in foreign currency
➢ Knowledge of preparing C form & Issue TDS, WCT certificate to party.
➢ Accounting cash & bank payment vouchers on daily basis.
➢ Receivable & Payable Management
➢ To liaise with auditors on quarterly basis to get the financial audited.
➢ Salary, Payroll processing and accounting knowledge, Issue Form 16 to Employees.
➢ Creditors balance reconciliation and age-wise analysis of Creditors balance.
➢ Vendor master data maintenance.

Accounts Executive
MNC Triveni Bialetti Industries Pvt Ltd - July 2011 to February 2012

Key Responsibilities
➢ Preparing monthly MIS Reporting Pack.
➢ Assisting in preparing Consolidated IFRS Pack
➢ Assisting in Statutory Audit, Transfer Pricing Audit, Vat Audit
➢ Petty Cash Maintenance.
➢ Preparing statutory challan's, Vouchers & Foreign Payments.
➢ Computation and booking of monthly TDS & VAT TDS & Service Tax payables.
➢ Preparation of Sales Tax (Vat), Service Tax, TDS & Profession Tax Challan's and payment of taxes at the
Treasury including annual returns in electronic format & Issuing C Form, H Form.
➢ Maintain Import Register and Asset Accounting.
➢ Calculation of Foreign Exchange Gain & Loss & Depreciation.

EDUCATION

B.Com
Mumbai University  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
2006

Industrial Accountant
ICA Computer Institute

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Computer Skills

Office Tools: MS Office, Windows and Internet concepts.
Accounting Software: Tally 9.0 & Tally 9.0 ERP

