Sonu Gupta

Accounts executive

Bhilai, Chhattisgarh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sonu-Gupta/00c18e22feb8a463

To secure a challenging & responsible position, which serves an opportunity for development & progressive
application of my knowledge, skills & experience.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts executive
M/S Uttam Polymers Pvt. Ltd - August 2012 to May 2013

With Tally 4.5
..Uttam Polymers Pvt. Ltd. is an Chemical Company, manufacturer of M.F.Resin, U.F. Resin, Paper Sizer for
paper manufacturer industry.

On The job Accomplishments: -

➢ Handling all functions of Accounts Receivable / Payable, including Debtors/Creditors reconciliation
➢ Inter division & Bank Reconciliation & Passing & Rectification JVs
➢ Preparation of Service tax Return.
➢ Preparation of Excise Return & Records such as RG-1, RG 23A & C P-1& II, PLA.
➢ Sales Tax Return & Assessment.
➢ Timely Collect the Sales Tax form such as (C form, C-4, D1 form) for Sale Tax Assessment
➢ Utilization & Issuance of all forms (C, D-1, C-4), Form -38 (Inward, Outward)
➢ Maintain the chart of Creditors
➢ Preparation of Cash Vouchers, Bank Vouchers, Journal Vouchers
Purchase Vouchers
➢ Preparation of Sale Invoices
➢ Preparation of Cheques
➢ Prepartion of Party Outstanding Report

assistant accountant form
Forum Micro ERP & Tally - August 2009 to July 2012

9.0
.. Aggarwal Agencies is an Authorized distributor ITC Company.

On The job Accomplishments: -

➢ Maintain the chart of Creditors
➢ Preparation of Cash Vouchers, Bank Vouchers, Journal Vouchers, Purchase Vouchers
➢ Preparation of Sale Invoices
➢ Prepartion of Party Outstanding Report

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Commerce
Delhi University  -  Bhiwani, Haryana

Industrial Accountant
The Institute of computer Accountant

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE
➢ M.S.-Office - Excel, Power Point, Word
➢ Internet
➢ Tally 4.5, 5.4, 7.2, 9.0
➢ Forum Micro ERP

SKILLS
➢ Organizing and leadership capabilities.
➢ Interpersonal and decision making skills.
➢ Hard Working, Quick Learner Disciplined, Loyal, Sincere & Honest.
➢ Communication

STRENGHTS

➢ Able to solve complex problems with efficient solutions.
➢ Work well under pressure
➢ Self-motivated and quick learner with a good team spirit.
➢ Positive Attitude

Special Interest

➢ Loving and exploring new cultures and things, meeting people, listening music
➢ Travelling to different place
➢ Playing Cricket & other outdoor Games.

