Suneel Kumar

M Com with 3 year Experience

Una, Himachal Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Suneel-Kumar/187e93991793835f

Provides management with financial information by researching and analyzing accounts preparing financial
statements.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
Kapsons Agencies Pvt. Ltd  -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh - January 2010 to Present

Job Responsibilities:-

In Account Section:-
➢ Manage vender accounts and voucher entry generating weekly on demand Cheque.

➢ Credit control management handling over 600 dealers account and prepare their dues ageing analysis report
and present it to the management on weekly basis.

➢ Prepare Bank reconciliation and fund position on daily basis.

➢ Branch handling and making inter or intra branch reco.

➢ Prepare Profitability analysis of stores on monthly basis.

In Taxation:-

➢ Prepare TDS calculation on monthly basis and file TDS return quarterly.

➢ Sales tax calculation every month and also file sale tax return quarterly

➢ Prepare "C" and "F" form. "C" form Issue to supplier and collect from dealers and also keep up to date
record of forms.

➢ Relevant knowledge regarding service tax and income tax.

Computer Skills:-
➢ Computerized Accounting.
➢ Knowledge of tally 9, Busy, Logic software.
➢ Knowledge of Internet application.
Strength:-
➢ Always show positive attitude towards compensating any Skill
➢ Optimistic and creative approach.
➢ Disciplined attitude towards professional life.
➢ Never works with Die approach.

Personal Detail:-

Marital Status Un-Married
Hobby Listen to Music.
Date
Place Suneel Kumar

Accounts
Kapsons Agencies Pvt Ltd  -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh - January 2010 to Present

Handle entire distribution & whole sale retail work, credit control management,bank , fund position, taxation etc.

Accounts Executive
kapsons Agencies Pvt Ltd  -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh - January 2010 to Present

EDUCATION

PGDCA
DOEACC  -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh
2009

B.Com
H.P.University Shimla  -  Shimla, Himachal Pradesh
2008

Industrial Accountant
The Institute of Computer Accountant

M.Com
H.P University Shimla.  -  Shimla, Himachal Pradesh

SKILLS

Computerised Accounting,Knowledge Tall ERP 9,Busy Accounting Software

