Tejasvi Rane

Accountant

Thane, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tejasvi-Rane/fe5a0855e1dbde9f

To work with professional organization to get an opportunity to expert my ability, knowledge, skill to organization
growth, and personal achievements. To Build my carrier in a progressive organization in a leading position,
that will provide me exciting opportunities to utilize my Accounting skills and experience in such a way to add
more value to the organization and to learn more about Accounts and Finance.
Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - Thane, Maharashtra

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
Network transport pvt ltd  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra - January 2015 to Present

Accomplishments
All accounts related work 
Eg. Bill creating 
Payment, Receipt, purchase sales entry
Bank Reconciliation 

Skills Used
Tally and excel almost used and company owne software can used in following work

Web Research Analyst
Lester Info services Pvt. Ltd  -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - April 2013 to February 2015

Job Profile:
• Capturing the USA Public and Private companies data from the company website in excel and formatting
& checking the quality of data.
• Capturing the address & Phone number details of provided people information in excel and verifying the data
through televerification.
• Identifying the errors and correcting it on live database.
• Preparation & Documation of various Internal & External Reports.
• Project performance summary.

EDUCATION

Accountancy & Finance
Mumbai University  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
2010 to 2011

Bcom in Accountant
Mumbai University  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
2010 to 2011

Higher Secondary Certificate
Mumbai University  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
2007 to 2008

SKILLS

Tally, microsoft office (3 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE

❖ D.B.M.S.: MS-ACCESS
❖ Packages: MS-Office ( Word, Excel, Power point)
Tally 9.0
Typing speed 30 w. p. m
Skills:
Accounts: - Accounts Related works like Data Entry, Ledger Reconciliation, Handling the Suppliers, Branch and
Head Office Reconciliation, preparation of Daily Cash and Bank Statement, Salary Preparation and Working
(Payroll Working) etc. (ESI & EPF etc)
Knowledge of Bank related works like preparation of Bank Reconciliation, Bank Guarantee monthly Stock
Statement etc.

Strength: Good communication and presentation skills.
Hard and smart working and the ability to get the things done under any circumstances.

