Vaibhav Phadtare

Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vaibhav-Phadtare/0fae249ddc70fab2

Seeking a career in global growth oriented organization where I can make a significant contribution to the
success of the organization.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
Mehul Transline Pvt. Ltd  -  Pune, Maharashtra - October 2013 to Present

Maintain scroll book for daily Receipts & Vouchers.
Record the transactions in Petty Cash Book based on Scroll book.
Handle customer queries about Billing and Payment.
Maintain Customer record with necessary supporting for billing and do follow up
Verify bank receipt transactions to maintain Customer record
Preparing Daily, Weekly and Monthly Dashboard.

Worked with A.A.RAHANE & Associate as an Account Assistant

Data Analyst - Quality
Smarte Solutions Pvt. Ltd  -  Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - November 2011 to October 2013

Maintain cash book, ledger postings and assist in preparing P&L A/c, Bal. Sheet and Minute book.
Handle all Pathpedhi related bank operations.
Handling Customer Inquiries and provide necessary customer account information to Customers.
Assist in Co-Op Audit for Pathpedhi and Housing Society

Account Assistant
A.A.RAHANE & Associate  -  Pune, Maharashtra - August 2009 to November 2011

Responsibilities
Maintain cash book, ledger postings and assist in preparing P&L A/c, Bal. Sheet and Minute book.
Handle all Pathpedhi related bank operations. 
Handling Customer Inquiries and provide necessary customer account information to Customers.
Assist in Co-Op Audit for Pathpedhi and Housing Society

Faculty
Gandhi Institute in Bhavan's College - October 2008 to July 2009

Job Role: Teaching in MS Office, Tally, 2D-Animation, 3D-Animation

EDUCATION

B.Com
N.S.S. College University of Mumbai  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra
2009

H.S.C.
B.H.V. College
2003 to 2004

S.S.C
B.H.V. School
2001 to 2002

Industrial Accountant
ICA [The Institute of Computer Accountants

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Technical Knowledge:
Tally 7.2, MS-CIT, DTP, Web Design and Proficient in MS-Office (Word & Excel)

