Vikrant Kumar

Accounts Executive - Eden Junior College

Siwan, Bihar, 841226, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vikrant-Kumar/af1cf3b00e7f5c51

.
➢ 5 years of experience in Accounts & co-ordination with other groups within the organization.
➢ Good working knowledge of Tally ERP. 9, MS Word, MS Excel and ability to use databases for recording
and reporting.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Executive
Eden Junior College  -  Siwan, Bihar - September 2015 to Present

Job Responsibilities:

➢ Handled multifaceted clerical tasks (e.g., data entry, records management and cash handling)
➢ Analyzed reporting Budget against Actual Expenditures for management review.
➢ Expertise in preparing of weekly Bank, Cash positions and Cash Budget statement
➢ Expertise in managing the Fund Management
➢ Experience in preparation of monthly Bank Reconciliation statement
➢ Experience in controlling Debtors & Creditors and preparation of debtors & Creditors Outstanding list and
reporting to Management
➢ Well versed in preparation of department wise Monthly Collection Report.
➢ Expertise in reconciliation of receivable & payables with their respective statements
➢ Supervising and coordinating subordinates to ensure in smooth accounting.
➢ Diplomatic and Excellent in Public Relation and Office Administration
➢ Handling in material inward and outward register
➢ Preparation of stock report, Manufacturing A\c
➢ Handling in petty cash and Banking operations
➢ Vendor Management-dealing with internal and external customers, Issue of purchase orders and payments

Employer:
➢ Worked as Accountant with Sunil Kumar & Associates, Siwan (I. Tax & S. Tax Consultant)
➢ Worked as Senior Accountant with S.K. Patodia & Associates, Patna (C.A. Firm)
➢  This  time  working  as  Accounts  Executive  at  Eden  Junior  College  and  Sant  Jaleshwar  Academy  (Eden
Group), Chhapra

EDUCATION

M.COM.
1st Div. form Jai Prakash University  -  Chhapra, Bihar
2012

B.COM.
Jai Prakash University  -  Chhapra, Bihar
2010

Certified Industrial Accountant

Institute of Computer Accountant  -  Patna, Bihar

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Key Skills .
➢ Office Management
➢ Records Management
➢ Teambuilding & Supervision
➢ Petty Cash Handling

➢ Accounts Payable/Receivable
➢ Bookkeeping
➢ Staff Development & Training
➢ Tally Maintaining

➢ Meeting & Event Planning
➢ Inventory Management
➢ Spreadsheet & Reports
➢ Budgeting & Cost Controls

CURRENT ORGANIZATION .

Computer knowledge:
➢ Well versed in use of MS office
➢ Tally ERP 9
➢ Internet savvy.

