Manmohan Singh

Accountant - AQUAIUES ENGINEERS PVT LTD

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Manmohan-Singh/968ecc5563d9828d

To prove my professional capabilities and become as an asset for an organization & to become a successful
professional

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accountant
AQUAIUES ENGINEERS PVT LTD  -  Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, IN - June 2014 to Present

Handling cash transactions.
✓ Maintaining minimum stock level.
✓ Invoicing Process. (Making Sale & Service Invoice)
✓ Prepare monthly account reconciliations.
✓ Ensure accurate and timely monthly close activities.
✓ Monthly customer reconciliation.
✓ Bank reconciliation on daily basis.
✓ Compatible working in ERP and Tally.
✓ Compatible working in Excel & Word.

Accounts Executive
OM BOOKS INTERNATIONAL - January 2013 to May 2014

Managed vendor accounts, generating monthly on demand cheques.
✓ Managed financial departments with responsibility for Payroll, Accounts Payable and Receivable.
✓ Ensured compliance with accounting deadlines.
✓ Coordinated monthly payroll functions for employees.
✓ Liaised with bankers, insurers and solicitors regarding financial transactions.
✓ Performed accounts payable functions for construction expenses.
✓ Ensured compliance with accounting deadlines.
✓ Prepared company accounts and tax returns for audit.
✓ Coordinated monthly payroll functions for employees.
✓ Liaised with bankers, insurers and solicitors regarding financial transactions.
✓ Prepared CST and VAT Returns.
✓ Coordinate With Consultant for Sale tax Assessment.

Inventory Accountant
UTSAV FASHION PVT LTD - June 2011 to July 2012

Managed to identify, investigate and correct errors in a timely manner to ensure the validity of financial data
✓ Developed, interpreted, and ensured the consistent application of Accounting & Inventory policies.
✓ Ensured accuracy of the Physical Inventory and reported results.
✓ Ability to generate, format & analyze various Accounting Reports.

EDUCATION

B. Com
Delhi University  -  Delhi, Delhi

2010 to 2013

CBSE
Central School
2008

MBA in Certified Industrial Accountant
Amity University

