Piryanka Warale

Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Piryanka-Warale/f2eef4d8e992c41a

➢ Making excellence in the way of life, which will result in the growth of an organization through my hard work
and contribution I am enthusiastic and any time eager to learn something new.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accountant
TACKLERS  -  Pune, Maharashtra - March 2017 to Present

Daily basis posting of journals with relevant controls.〓 Performing daily basis doing the bank reconciliation
and  end  of  the  day  cheque  deposit.  〓  Handling  ledger  accounts  and  keeping  the  check  for  any  invoices
or payments.〓 Responsible for handling petty Cash with posting and reconciling.〓 Taking follow up with
customers ‘C’ Form.〓 Taking follow up with client to recover receivables.〓 Quarterly sales Tax & vat return.

Accountant
KARIA DEVELOPERS (Construction) from10th  -  Pune, Maharashtra - November 2010 to January 2017

5 years 6 months.)
Job Profile:-
Monitoring Debtors & Creditors.〓Processing Invoices & Reconciliation with Vendors.
〓Co-ordination  with  Banks.〓Processing  urgent  payment  (  RTGS  /NEFT)〓Responsible  for  daily  bank
reconciliation.〓Managing tracking report to keep management informed of due and past due vendor invoices
〓Verified details of transactions, including funds available and total account balances〓Manage the issuing,
recording, reconciliation and accounting of petty cash.〓Perform month-end and year-end accounts closure
process.

Accountant
THE KOTHARI WHEELS.MARUTI TRUE VALUE - October 2008 to December 2010

1 Year 3 Months.)
Job Profile:-
• Accounting day to day transaction
• Bank Reconciliation
• Providing MIS daily report to Senior.
• Inventory Maintenance.

Accountant
YASHASHRI ENTERPRISE  -  Pune, Maharashtra - March 2010 to October 2010

8 Months)
Job Profile:-
* Accounting day to day transactions.
* Monthly Bank Reconciliation.
* VAT Returns, TDS.
* Monthly Claim Report.
* Inventory Maintenance

Certified Auditor & Tax Consultant
S.S.FAND & COMPANY - January 2007 to March 2008

1Year 3 Months)

EDUCATION

Master of Commerce in Commerce
Pune University  -  Pune, Maharashtra
2009

Bachlor of Commerce
Pune University  -  Pune, Maharashtra
2006

MS in Industrial Accountant
ICA Institute
October 2005

PGDBM & MBS IN FINANCE in Finance
Pune University  -  Pune, Maharashtra

