<ba>
Chengxin Cao

Web Developer - Harvard Management Associates, Inc

Sunnyvale, CA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chengxin-Cao/d66bdf760405a7f2
</ba>
<su>
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
</su>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
Harvard Management Associates, Inc  -  New York, NY - August 2015 to Present

Description:
•  Harvard  Management  Associates,  Inc.  is  a  private  investment  firm  based  in  Wall  Street,  New  York  City.
Developed web application called HMA-Investment based on AngularJS, with which our client can interact with
HMA to do the analysis of investment and schedule online investment.
Responsibilites:
• Designed structure and framework of a responsive web application for HMA-Investment Web application
based on AngularJS.
• Disigned user-friendly mock of page with team mates.
• Developed and coded for various reusable components and plug-in for different page functionality.
• Used AngularJS to structure JavaScript code in an MVC (Model, View, and Controller).
• Write component tests and integrated tests for different component to guarantee robust system and improve
coding, testing and developing efficiency.
• Used API from backend data base to realize interactive of data from back end to front end.
• Implemented Two-way data binding, change tracking, validation, and error handling with AngularJS.
•  Designed  and  optimize  company  website  pages  of  harvardmanagement.us  through  Html  5,  CSS3  with
Eclipse Template Toolkit, and finally make big impact on shortening the circle of updating websites.
• Translated design documents into HTML 5 and CSS 3 preprocessor styling SASS, JSON files, JavaScript
code and JQuery.
• Applied framework Bootstrap to webpage and let the layout of webpage be self-adaptive to its size, make a
big impact on flexible webpage and save codes for mobile end webpage codes.
• Design dynamic effect such as three-dimensional name card and clock, through JavaScript and JQuery, and
finally make company website more interactive and attracted more visitors. Maintain and update database
structure of website through MySQL DDL & DML with PHP, and helped to add new functions to company
webpage such as search function.

UI developer, internship
Dalian Huarui Heavy Industry CNC Equipment Co.Ltd  -  Dalian, CN - June 2014 to September 2014

Description:
• Huarui, Inc. which is a flash enterprise storage company, offers the service of deployment of flash storage
in cloud data center. My responsibilities is to develope web app called Q1, with which our clients can interact
the data center to implement daily basis to monitor and manage their storage arrays.
Responsibilites:
• Developed the web app Q1 which provides both the features for our customers to manage their products
and cloud based analytics.
• Developed page layouts, navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management
to their flash arrays.

• Collaborated with business analysts and backend developer for better layouts and ease of use.
•  Designed  a  responsive  website  using  Bootstrap  grid  system  to  layout  contents  that  fit  different  devices
including mobile, tablet and desktop.
• Worked with source version control tool GIT to manage the code repository.
• Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with layout and styles and fixed bugs for browsers and
platforms.
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

M.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering
New York University  -  New York, NY
May 2015

B.S. in Automation
Central South University  -  Changsha, CN
May 2012
</ed>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
<sk>
SKILLS
JAVA, HTML, HTML 5, CSS, CSS 3, PHP, MySQL, JAVASCRIPT,
BOOTSTRAP, JQuery, Angular JS, DART, MVC, DOM, LINUX, Git, Eclipse, Intellij
</sk>
