<ba>
Jeremy Backus

Web Developer - Nutramax Laboratories, Inc

Fort Mill, SC - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jeremy-Backus/ab3b015cc64047de
</ba>
<su>
Honest, detail oriented professional, seeking employment with local company as a Senior Web Developer.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
</su>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
Nutramax Laboratories, Inc  -  Lancaster, SC - March 2010 to Present

Responsive website development using PHP, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, XML; Domains and DNS admin;
Webserver  admin  (Windows/IIS);  Database  admin  (MySQL/SQLServer);  Work  on  WordPress  and  Joomla
customizations, Google Analytics/Tag Manager/Search Console,
Structured Data for SEO;

Integration Consultant
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania  -  Harrisburg, PA - October 2007 to February 2010

Responsible for providing state agencies with infrastructure support. I worked directly with each agency POC
as well as the vendors and developers. Managed functional and design
specifications; Analyzed source code to identify non-standard practices and request
justification or suggest changes; Deployed software and utilized standard change
management process to accommodate deployment schedules.

Sr. Developer and Systems Administrator
Global Aviation Nav., Inc  -  Louisville, KY - March 2004 to October 2007

Designed and developed web-based applications aimed at the corporate and general
aviation industry. I used ASP, VBScript and JavaScript, to query data from an SQL 2000
database.  I  produced  several  small  Flash  movies,  created  online  and  print  graphics,  and  generated  page
layouts for the web and monthly email newsletter. I also managed 3 web
servers, 2 SQL servers, 2 DNS servers, an Email server, a File server, backup server, and a development
server.

E-Commerce Web Manager
Waller Companies  -  Marietta, OH - December 2001 to February 2004

Responsible for purchase of entire back-end solution which included warehouse and inventory management,
order entry, billing, and sales CRM. I provided user training and
support. I was responsible for the availability of network applications. I integrated full
back-end product and content administrative functionality into E-commerce web site and was
responsible  for  all  online  marketing  and  promotion  of  E-commerce  site.  I  constantly  worked  to  improve
operation and usability email and related online services. I have been successful
at establishing strong relationships with software vendors and online service providers. I also
developed a very complex shopping cart system for the website and a simple desktop
application  that  allowed  different  departments  to  communicate  more  quickly  and  easily  over  their  wireless
devices.

Web Designer & Developer

Words-n-Webs  -  Parkersburg, WV - December 1999 to January 2002

I was responsible for the design and development of client web sites, working with accounts
management to understand and support their requirements and marketing to make sure that the sites support
the marketing and business strategies. I selected the appropriate
development tools creating structure for the site to be regularly and quickly updated. I
performed  graphic  design  and  development  working  to  tie  together  web  site  structure  with  the  underlying
applications and products, organized the appropriate testing of the resulting
sites and worked with the customer and prospects to ensure requirements were being met. I
wrote  sections  of  proposals  that  pertained  to  web  development.  I  have  held  the  lead  role  in  project
management, web design and development, graphic design, and content
development on a number of business projects and provided clients with a basic
understanding of the Internet and various web-based technologies and demonstrated their
potential in targeted markets.

Webmaster
Jabo\Vitro  -  Parkersburg, WV - December 1997 to December 1999

I re-designed the company's web site and logo and produced and edited a streaming video
tour of a marble factory in Reno, OH. I photographed hundreds of marbles and glass stones
having to pay very close attention to the slight color differences, shine, and transparency of each to place on
the site for inventory and ordering.
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

Diploma
Parkersburg High School in Parkersburg
</ed>
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Over 20 years of professional web design and development experience, Including: E-commerce, SEO/SEM,
Analytics, KPI, ROI,
Email Marketing

PROFICIENCIES

● HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, JSON, XML, PHP, SQL (with a focus on Responsive design)
● Structured Data Languages for SEO/SEM
● Shopify, and BigCommerce, WooCommerce (on Joomla 3.5), WordPress
● Integrations with E-commerce platform (API, Merchant Center), and Email marketing platform
● Managed ecommerce assets (customers, products, coupons, shipping methods)
● Worked with product managers to understand their short and long term goals
● Created custom reports and provided insight into analytics data
● Implemented custom event tracking to facilitate custom reports
● Provided crucial information to decision makers
</sk>
<ex>
RELATED STRENGTHS

Technically  inclined  with  an  aptitude  for  learning;  Working  knowledge  of  industry  tools  (Photoshop,  FTP
CLients, etc.); Interest in

emerging technologies and evolving standards; Ability to use common sense and logic to evaluate complex
instructions; Always
striving to maximize efficiency and increase productivity; Can work alone or with others to divide and prioritize
tasks; Microsoft
Certified Professional; Comprehensive understanding of the industry and related technologies.
</ex>
