<ba>
Judy Oyster

Web Developer - Web Master

Columbus, GA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Judy-Oyster/e79f282283806467
</ba>
<su>
I am ready to start a new career with a company that offers room for career growth. I am interested in application
development but would also be excited to jump into a new field that would be challenging as well as financially
rewarding.
</su>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
Web Master - October 2011 to Present

IHL-Institute for Healthy Living
Web maintenance for four Vitamin Supplement web sites: Responsible for design, testing, implementation,
maintenance  and  administration  of  weekly  and  monthly  price  changes,  new  products  and  special  event
promotions. Create images of all new products using Photoshop to crop, resize, edit and store images.
Update the home page for each site with site graphics; java, jpg, pfd.
Software - magento, mom, CV3, html and php. Maintain newsletters customer email list for each site using;
vertical response, constant contact and word press. Convert blogs for each site from MS Word documents
into  html  using  Dreamweaver  to  upload  to  the  web.  Create  supplement  panels,  recommended  usage  and
ingredients for products using Dreamweaver.

Web Application Developer
AFLAC Incorporated - January 1999 to July 2010

I  was  on  the  Marketing  Web  Maintenance  team  responsible  for  Marketing  Reports  and  Agents  Contest
Reports on the Aflac.com Associate Services web pages. I was responsible for design, testing, implementation,
maintenance and administration on various databases on SQL Server which included: queries, jobs, stored
procedures, tables and dts packages. I was also responsible for the ASP pages for the applications that I
supported. 
IT- ICAPP

Student ICAPP program CSU
AFLAC Incorporated  -  Columbusm Ga - September 1998 to April 1999

Computer Science program offered by Columbus State University and sponsored by Aflac. For 6 months I
went to school full time while still receiving my salary from Aflac. At the end of the program I received my Data
Processing Certificate from CSU.

Systems Engineer
AFLAC Incorporated - October 1997 to September 1998

I supplied technical support to home office employees and Aflac Field
Associates. I assisted Associates with business questions, benefit
questions and technical questions concerning their laptops.

Customer Service Specialist
AFLAC Incorporated  -  Colimbus, GA - January 1996 to January 1997

Correspondence Specialist
- 1989 to 1996

Inventory Specialist
AFLAC Incorporated - 1986 to 1989
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

Certification
Columbus Technical College
March 2003

Associate in Computer Science Education
Columbus State University
January 2002

Data
Columbus State University
</ed>
