<ba>
Lance Goff

Capabilities Developer - Triumph Enterprises, Inc

Chester, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Lance-Goff/05d72e0162eb0bcd
</ba>
<su>
To combine knowledge gained from object oriented web development with project management and analysis
skills learned in the United States military.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
</su>
<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Web Developer
MAXX Potential  -  Richmond, VA - April 2015 to Present

Responsibilities
Web developer responsible for creating websites in a collaborative working environment using different content
management systems and their associated programming languages. 

Accomplishments
Gained  experience  in  .NET  web  development  and  the  Sitecore  content  management  system  on  multiple
websites while interning with Create Digital, a digital marketing and development firm in Glen Allen, Va.

Gained experience with the WordPress content management system and the PHP programming language
while developing and maintaining websites at the MAXX Potential main office in Richmond, Va.

Skills Used
Sitecore, WordPress, .NET C#, PHP, HTML, CSS

Senior Program Analyst
Triumph Enterprises, Inc  -  Fort Lee, VA - September 2011 to April 2015

Responsibilities
Program manager and technical writer responsible for developing solutions and bridging strategies for future
requirements utilizing extensive analysis and wargaming techniques.

Accomplishments
● Conducted Department of the Army assessment that led to an organizational realignment between Army
Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Special Operations Forces 
●  Conducted  Department  of  the  Army  assessment  to  formalize  intelligence  capabilities  to  counter  future
improvised explosive device threats. 
● Authored official manual on Explosive Ordnance Disposal Operations. 
● Authored official manual on Site Exploitation. 
● Completed Army Logistics University Capabilities Development Course. 
● Completed Army Logistics University Doctrine Development Course.

Associate
Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc - August 2008 to September 2011

Program manager and technical writer responsible for developing solutions and bridging strategies for future
requirements utilizing extensive analysis and wargaming techniques.

Accomplishments
● Conducted Department of the Army assessment that led to an organizational realignment between Army
Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Special Operations Forces
●  Conducted  Department  of  the  Army  assessment  to  formalize  intelligence  capabilities  to  counter  future
improvised explosive device threats.
● Authored official manual on Explosive Ordnance Disposal Operations.
● Authored official manual on Site Exploitation.
● Completed Army Logistics University Capabilities Development Course.
● Completed Army Logistics University Doctrine Development Course.

Record Center Supervisor
Iron Mountain, Inc  -  Richmond, VA - November 2007 to August 2008

Managed  three  warehouses  responsible  for  the  storage  and  delivery  of  confidential  records  to  clients
throughout the Richmond metro area.

Accomplishments
● Collaborated with outside consultants to document workflow and streamline operations
raising productivity by fifteen percent without compromising any personnel positions.
●  Monitored  production  statistics  on  a  daily  basis  to  balance  available  manpower  against  workflow
requirements to maximize productivity.

Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technician
United States Air Force  -  Seymour-Johnson AFB, NC - November 2001 to November 2007

Served  as  an  Explosive  Ordnance  Disposal  Noncommissioned  Officer  responsible  for  the  clearance  of
explosive  ordnance  and  improvised  explosive  devices.  Completed  one  tour  of  duty  in  Iraq  in  support  of
Operation Iraqi Freedom.

Accomplishments
● Awarded Army Commendation medal for service in Iraq.
● Awarded Air Force Commendation medal for stateside service.
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

BS in Information Technology
University of Massachusetts, Lowell  -  Lowell, MA
2013 to 2014

Certificate in Journalism
University of Massachusetts, Amherst  -  Amherst, MA
2012 to 2013

BS in Criminal Justice Administration
University of Mount Olive
2004 to 2006
</ed>
<sk>
SKILLS

Sitecore (1 year), Wordpress (1 year), HTML (1 year), CSS (1 year), PHP (1 year)
</sk>
<ex>
MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Air Force
Rank: Staff Sergeant
November 2001 to November 2007

Commendations:
Army Commendation MedalAir Force Commendation Medal
</ex>
