<ba>
Prakash Uppu

Sr. UI Developer - Lucidus Solutions - MD

Falls Church, VA - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Prakash-Uppu/3704cbb6bbeea9b1
</ba>

<we>
WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr. UI Developer
Lucidus Solutions - MD - October 2015 to Present

RESPONSIBILITIES:
➢  Worked  on  front  end  pages  that  were  developed  in  a  professional  manner  using  HTML5,  CSS/CSS3,
JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR, JQUERY, BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS.
➢  Core  technology  stack  used  in  projects  are:  HTML5,  CSS/CSS3,  JAVASCRIPT,  ANGULAR,  JQUERY,
BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS, BACKBONE.JS, REACT.JS, BOWER, JASMINE.
➢ Created wireframes, storyboards, user flows, and documentation and site maps to effectively communicate
design ideas. Uses multiple UI UX tools and software to complete tasks.
➢ Applied visual effects, event handling, and document manipulation using the Angular.js
library.
➢ Used AngularJS to create maintainable and testable single page application and Implemented 2-way data
binding and used ng-filters across the applications.
➢ Developing custom HTML elements using angular Js directives.
➢ Developed controllers, view/partials and directives for application.
➢ Widely resolved angular scope issues.
➢ Developed Angular factories, and used angular promise API for making asynchronies calls
➢ Used AngularJS to implement rich functionality in various pages: form validation, CRUD grid, search, sort,
pagination, multi-selection, tags-input, advanced directives, unit tests authentication, server-side proxy, unit
tests, cloud integration, slide pages, users switch etc.
➢ Used GitHub as the distribution version control system.
➢ Used Bugzilla as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis
➢ Developed and implemented user interfaces as per latest W3C standards.
➢ Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQUERY.
➢ Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.
➢ Involved in fixing Front-End issues with the layouts.
➢ Actively used XML (documents and transformations) for creating templates with dynamic data from XML file.
➢ Extensively used/modified JQUERY to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON
response.
➢ Worked with backend developers to convert HTML/CSS non-functional pages into dynamic JSP pages.
➢ Developed cross-browser pages using CSS, HTML, DHTML, and JavaScript
➢ Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration.
➢ Designed applications that execute on various browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google
Chrome, and Opera using various debugging tools like Firebugs/IE Developer Tools.

Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, JSP, Eclipse, Window XP, Angular
UI, bootstrap, AngularJS, node.js, Express.js, bower, J2EE, Mongo DB.

Sr. UI Developer
Parexel Waltham MD - January 2015 to September 2015

Responsibilities:
➢  Development  the  whole  application  module  using  front-end  frame  works  such  as  JavaScript,  jQuery,
AngularJS, React.JS.
➢  Experience  in  AngularJS  directives  that  allow  the  developer  to  specify  custom  and  reusable  HTML-
like  elements,  attributes  that  define  data  bindings,  the  behavior  of  presentation  components  and  DOM
manipulation.
➢ Used AngularJS framework where data from backend is stored in model and populated it into UI.

➢ Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user
experience.
➢ Used jQuery plugins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.
➢ Handled Payments and transactions, Credit Card/Bank Account Validations on the Client side.
➢ Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
➢  Handled  all  the  client  side  validations,  slide  show,  hide  and  show  controls,  dropdown  menus  and  tab
navigation using JQUERY.
➢ Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML,
XHTML, CSS.
➢ Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the
HTML pages.
➢ Extensively used HTML5 for audio and video playback.
➢ Used Mongo DB along with Node.js, as a database to store JSON.
➢ Used JavaScript libraries to create slider and page-turning animations on calendar widgets.
➢ Used JQuery for creating various widgets, data manipulation, data traversing, form validations, create the
content on the fly depend on the user request, implementing Ajax features for the application.
➢ Involved in Writing jQuery based Ajax Requests using jQuery. Get (URL, data, callback, type) or jQuery,
Ajax (options) and jQuery. Post (URL, data, callback, type)
➢ Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.
➢ Involved debugging and solving cross-browser compatibility problems.

Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, XML, JSON, and Eclipse, MySQL, Window
XP, Angular UI, bootstrap, AngularJS, node.js, Backbone.js, bower, J2EE, JSON, Mongo DB.

Sr. UI Developer
Kapardhi Soft Tech PVT LTD - February 2013 to September 2014

Responsibilities:
➢ Designed and Developed User Interactive (UI) of Web pages with the help of HTML, CSS3, CSS, JavaScript,
AngularJs, JQuery, LESS, Bootstrap and AJAX.
➢ Used Backbone.js, JQuery.js and Underscore.js scripts to make UI more attractive.
➢ Used Web Services like REST and SOAP for transmission of large blocks of XML data over HTTP.
➢ Developed certain features of the application functionality i.e. CRUD (Create, read, update, delete) features
using Backbone.js, Require.js and Responsive Web Design.
➢ Worked on Google map functionality using Angular.js and JQuery UI.
➢ Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy,
content, and features.
➢ Involved in extensive HTML coding.
➢ Interacted with clients to understand their existing applications and design the site according to their system
requirements.
➢ Developing responsive web pages for all resolution devices.
➢ Developed ecommerce shopping cart and checkout functionality that requires complex rules and logic and
integration with backend systems.
➢ Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript.
➢ Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project
manager and developers.
➢ Participated in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs with developers
➢ Preparing the documentation for the entire process for the future reference.
➢ Designed graphics, buttons, logos and flash animation for the website. Used Ajax, JSON with jQuery for
request data and response processing.

Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL and Window XP, Angular UI, jQuery, bootstrap, AJAX, JSON,
AngularJS, node.js, Backbone.js, bower, J2EE, JSON, Mongo DB.

UI Developer
Kush Info Systems Pvt. Ltd  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - September 2011 to December 2012

RESPONSIBILITIES:
➢ Responsible for Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX,
JSON, Angular Js.
➢ Used Angular UI to develop the page level components and customized (Angular directives, filters, routing
concepts, services& factories) the out of box directives for additional functionalities
➢ Used jQuery Events to manipulate the elements depends on the user interactions (like. Ready (), hover (),
bind (), click (), key press () .)
➢ Used JQuery Plugins validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.
➢ Implemented AJAX to speed up web application.
➢ Used jQuery extensively for event handling, DOM manipulation and cross-browser compatibility.
➢  Developed  mobile  cross-browser  web  application  for  real-time  location  sharing  utilizing  AngularJS,
JavaScript API.
➢ Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.
➢ Used AJAX module to handle RESTful calls to enable communication between view
components and servers.

ENVIRONMENT: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL and Window XP, Angular UI, jQuery, bootstrap, AJAX,
JSON, AngularJS, node.js, Backbone.js, bower, J2EE, JSON, Mongo DB.

Web/UI Developer
Sigma Hospitals - November 2009 to June 2011

RESPONSIBILITIES:
➢ Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.
➢ Developed web pages using HTML, JavaScript, DOM, JSON, JQuery and AJAX.
➢ Developed Single page application.
➢ Involved in the implementation of open- source web application frameworks like
Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery.
➢ Developed page layouts, navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management
to review.
➢ Developed Object Oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client side validations using JQuery.
➢ Created responsive web design using boot strap.
➢ Managed code with unit tests and GitHub.
➢ Working knowledge on Table less and Table Based HTML coding.
➢  Ability  to  work  in  groups  as  well  as  independently  with  minimal  supervision.  Responsible  for  modifying
applications according to the Client's requirement.
➢ Fixed Bugs and problems in web sites for design, CSS, HTML

Environment:  HTML,  CSS,  JavaScript,  MySQL  and  Window  XP,  jQuery,  bootstrap,  AJAX,  JSON,  node.js,
Backbone.js, bower, Web Services, WebLogic 10.x.
</we>
<ed>
EDUCATION

Bachelor

JNTU  -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
</ed>
<sk>
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Web technologies HTML5, CSS, JQuery, Json, XML, Angular JS, NodeJS, Express Js. Bootstrap, JavaScript.
Operating systems Windows (vista/9x) Mac OS x, Unix. Linux: Red hat EL v 4.x,
Web Editors Dreamweaver, Notepad++, NetBeans, Visual studio, Sublime Text Editor, Eclipse, Brackets.
Methodologies Agile, Scrum, UML, Design Patterns.
Browsers IE6, 7 & 8, Firefox, Opera, Chrome 4, Safari 5.
Graphic Tools Adobe Photoshop.
Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools, IE Developer Tools.
</sk>
