MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: United States Marine Corps
Rank: Corporal
December 2001 to December 2009
GROUPS

NodeJS Houston
June 2015 to Present
Everything Node.js and Javascript.
MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: USN
Rank: E7
October 1996 to July 2016
Managed a department of 45 Sailors whose responsibilities were the release of weapon systems. Directly
responsible for the operating and maintenance of the Tomahawk Weapon System. While on active duty created
a web based collaboration tool used for Tomahawk missile employment that the Navy quickly adapted saving
millions in development costs. Maintained three different Command websites and social media presence.


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Enthusiastic student with a positive attitude.
• Proactive communicator who takes initiative in solving problems.
• Determined worker who brings efficiency to any tasks.
RELATED STRENGTHS

Technically  inclined  with  an  aptitude  for  learning;  Working  knowledge  of  industry  tools  (Photoshop,  FTP
CLients, etc.); Interest in

emerging technologies and evolving standards; Ability to use common sense and logic to evaluate complex
instructions; Always
striving to maximize efficiency and increase productivity; Can work alone or with others to divide and prioritize
tasks; Microsoft
Certified Professional; Comprehensive understanding of the industry and related technologies.
PUBLICATIONS

Musical staff sales service MuzBar.ru
http://muzbar.ru/
January 2010

It's a service that allows to users to advertise the sale of some musical instrument/staff. Buyer can search on
the base of advertisements using various parameters.

Self publishing platform SamoLit.com
http://samolit.com/
May 2012
I created backend and frontend for self publishing platform, that allows users to publish their e-books and one-
click convert them into popular e-book formats.

News portal ict-online.ru
http://ict-online,ru/
March 2009
News portal dedicated to IT life in whole Russia. Internet, cellular, integration, IT-marketing etc.
PHP, MySQL, Javascript, JQuery, Bootstrap

Site dedicated to F.M. Dostoevsky
http://fedordostoevsky.ru/
April 2011
Site dedicated to F.M. Dostoevsky. Bio, masterpieces, surroundings etc.
I created front-end and backend. Site is controlled by its own CMS.
PHP, MySQL, Javascript, JQuery, adaptive layout

Site of restaurants in Saint-Petersburg
http://mindalcafe.ru/
July 2014
Site  of  several  restaurants  in  Saint-Petersburg.  Fronend  programming,  own  backend  with  tables  ordering
system. Adaptive layout.
PHP, MySQL, JQuery, Bootstrap

Site of Vyacheslav Ivanov Research institute in Rome
http://www.v-ivanov.it/
February 2015
Site of Vyacheslav Ivanov Research institute in Rome. CSS layout, creating of its own content management
system.
PHP, MySQL, CSS, JQuery

Site of Dostoevsky Day in Saint-Petersburg.
http://dostoevskyday.ru/
June 2015
Site dedicated to "Dostoevsky Day" celebration in Saint-Petersburg.
I created frontend, backend with user interaction. Responsive layout.
PHP, MySQL, JQuery, CSS, Bootstrap

Wooden houses contruction company "Veps's House"
http://vepdom.ru/
May 2016
Wooden houses contruction company "Veps's House". Responsive CSS layout, creating of its own content
management system.
PHP, MySQL, CSS3, JQuery, Bootstrap

Site of dental clinic "Nikolsky"
http://nikolstom.ru/

February 2015
Site of dental clinic "Nikolsky". Responsive CSS layout, creating of its own content management system.
PHP, MySQL, CSS3, JQuery, Bootstrap

National Sholokhov Museum-Reserve
http://eng.sholokhov.ru/
August 2013
Site of National Sholokhov Museum-Reserve.
I created front-end and backend. Site is controlled by its own CMS.
PHP, MySQL, Javascript, JQuery.

Site of landscape design company "Kaskad"
https://spbkaskad.ru/
September 2014
Site of landscape design company "Kaskad". CSS layout, creating of its own content management system.
PHP, MySQL, CSS

Site of business center "Owental History"
http://www.owentalhistory.ru/
May 2014
Site  of  business  center  "Owental  History".  Design,  responsive  CSS  layout,  creating  of  its  own  content
management system.
PHP, MySQL, CSS3, JQuery, Bootstrap
PUBLICATIONS

Data Sharing: Ensure Accountability Distribution in the Cloud
http://www.ijert.org/view.php?id=7938&title=data-sharing-ensure-accountability-distribution-in-the-cloud
February 2014
Cloud  computing  is  highly  emerging  technology  of  the  21st  century.  Cloud  enables  the  user  to  store  the
data also the data can be processed on any of the machine which user does not know. While enjoying the
convenience brought by these new technologies of cloud computing, users fear of losing the hold on their data.
A thorough research is needed for detective controls in the area of accountability and logging, where in some
privacy protection techniques concentrate on preventive controls. We proposed a system that sub-urbanized
information accountability framework to keep track of user’s data in cloud. We chose object-centered approach
to highlight the security purpose by enclosing our logging mechanism together with user’s data along with
policies. The proposed system will also take care of the JAR file by converting it into nebulous code which will
add the further layer of security to the architecture. We ensure accountability gets distributed and providing
more reliable and secure system.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Air Force
Rank: Staff Sergeant
November 2001 to November 2007

Commendations:
Army Commendation MedalAir Force Commendation Medal
PUBLICATIONS

Overcome: A Short Guide on How To Quickly Find Peace and Happiness In Any Stressful
Situation
https://www.amazon.com/Overcome-Quickly-Happiness-Stressful-Situation-ebook/dp/B016X9P4CK/
ref=sr_1_9?ie=UTF8&qid=1495761268&sr=8-9&keywords=michael+templeton
October 2015
A short book written by myself to get a deeper understanding of how internet marketing works.
PUBLICATIONS

"ECG Study: A tool for the diagnosis of cardiovascular disease"
2015
Cuban Journal of Medical Informatics
professional website portfolio
www.shullsburgwisconsin.org www.lacegiftsandclothing.com
www.coughlinshops.com www.fmpirateradio.com
www.brewsterhouserestaurant.com www.millelacsfoods.com
www.biostat.wisc.edu www.nagrobekmemorials.com
www.whitehouseshoppes.com www.assumptiongocmadison.org
www.pineriverartclub.org www.shullsburgcheesestore.com
www.shullsburgtransportation.com www.playbookconsulting.com
www.pleasantvalleynurserylodi.com
ELAINE SKOUMBOURIS
professional experience
Web Designer, Graphic Designer, Digital Designer
MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: Army National Guard
Rank: E4
January 2005 to January 2011
Infantry Rifleman / Team Leader

Commendations:
ARCOM, Meritorious Service, Honorable Discharge
MILITARY SERVICE

Service Country: US
Branch: United States Marine Corps
Rank: Corporal E-4
April 1990 to April 1994
Mortar Platoon, Weapons Company, Marine Corps Infantry
As a forward observer, provided indirect fire support in support of rifle platoons, companies and battalions.

Commendations:
Decorations include Combat Action Ribbon, Kuwait Liberation Medal, Good Conduct Medal.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Digital Media Professional with extensive Web Development experience in the areas of Content Management,
Content Development, and Multiplatform Deployment. Expertise in implementing digital solutions that elevate
brand image, highlight content and maximize revenues. Characterized throughout employment as a dedicated
team  member  with  versatility  to  resolve  multifaceted  issues,  possessing  the  ability  to  apply  complex
technologies that translate business needs into practical applications. 
