Abhieshek Sharma

CDIT Head Marketing - Intex Technologies Ltd.

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abhieshek-Sharma/e9f2ab620adc1b59

Marketing  professional,  a  Brand  consultant,  with  over  16  years  of  experience  across  diverse  industries
including consumer durables, FMCG and Building Materials & Brand consulting. Extensive exposure across a
gamut of areas including strategy, stakeholder engagement, partner management, key account relationship,
branding & communication. Proven competence in conducting extensive market as well as industry research
and devising as well as driving innovative & effective marketing strategy in close collaboration with cross-
functional resources and third party agencies. Demonstrated excellence in delivering/surpassing expected/
stipulated objectives of brand visibility, top line and bottom line. Adept in driving teams.

Have  been  enriched  during  the  career  on  the  Market  Research  &  Study,  Media  Planning  and  Buying,
Developing Electronic & Print Campaigns and its execution, Public Relations, ATL, BTL, Digital and Trade
Marketing

WORK EXPERIENCE

Marketing
Intex Technologies Ltd - July 2016 to Present

CDIT)
Handling overall Marketing for Consumer Durables and IT Business (CDIT)

Intex Technologies (India) Ltd., incorporated in the year 1996 is a $950 million (INR 6400 crore) enterprise
with a strength of 11, 000+ employees in India. The two-decade old consumer technology company is one
of the major players in mobile handsets, consumer durables and IT accessories. The company's presence
has a wide geographical spread through its network comprising 30 stock and sales offices and over 1500+
service touch points. Sales are routed through a distribution network comprising 1600+ distributors and 80,
000+ dealers spread across the country. The company has been in diversification spree; adding categories
from LED TVs to Smart LEDs, Washing Machine, Refrigerators and ACs.
The key area of my role here has been very strategic in nature considering the new category launches, product
launches.  Right  from  researches  to  the  positioning  statement  and  a  robust  launch  plan  of  the  respective
launches. Identifying the Target and creating visibility to drive pull strategy and support to the trade partners and
instill the confidence to enhance secondary and tertiary sales. Also, developing all communication materials;
regular and around occasions.

• Trade Relationship
➢ Dealer meets and Incentives
* Market visibility
➢ TV & Print Campaign
➢ Marketing Materials and retail fixtures to support the trade and create visibility.
➢ Regular communication and updates to the Trade and around festivities
• Brand & Communication
* Working closely with Creative agency to develop
➢ TV & Print campaigns.
➢ POSM materials.
➢ ATL, BTL and Trade Communications

* PR & Digital
➢ Working closely with the PR team for announcements, Press meets for the launches.
➢ Aligning Business Head Interviews and the statements on key issues.
➢ Developing Mailers, micro site and content for the digital platform.

• Research & Study
➢  Conducted  primary  research  both  qualitative  and  quantitative  to  understand  the  Target  and  the  buying
behavior
➢ Study on Air Purifier Category (secondary)
➢ Study on AC buying behavior & its Target Audience (secondary)
➢ Study on the speaker's Packaging
• Strategy
➢ Standardization of Speakers Packaging
➢ Air-Purifier as a category and its potential
➢ Intex Smart TV positioning - "Explorience"
➢ Intex Refrigerator positioning - "Indulge in a world of Health and Freshness"
➢ Development of Category Integrated Logos.
➢ 360 degree Launch Plan and Execution of New category/Product
➢ Trade & Consumer promo for Gujarat Lions / IPL season
➢ AC Target Group & Positioning
➢ Annual Operating Plan for LED, WM & Ref Category
➢ Budgeting
➢ Media Strategy
➢ Coolers Launch and Positioning
➢ Media Planning
➢ Budget Planning

Marketing, Videocon Industries Ltd
AGM  -  Mumbai, Maharashtra - August 2015 to July 2016

Corporate Marketing)

Videocon Industries Limited is a large diversified Indian company headquartered in Mumbai. The group has
17 manufacturing sites in India and plants in Mainland China, Poland, Italy and Mexico. It is the third largest
picture tube manufacturer in the world. The group is a US$5 billion global conglomerate. In India the distribution
network is 30, 000 with 52 Branches.

In the corporate Marketing, I was Responsible for the Trade Marketing and BTL majorly, Taking care of all the
brands under the group; Videocon, Kenstar, Videocon Mobiles, Electrolux, Philips LEDs. Handling a Team of
10 People (Direct Reporting)

➢ Responsible for the Market Strategy and Implementation for all the categories
➢ Increasing Visibility Share
➢ Relationship Building with Trade - Meets Incentives
➢ Experiential Marketing
➢ Development of BTL Communications - Collaterals (OPS, Catalogues, POSMs)
➢ ISD Management
➢ Product Launch
➢ Outdoor Media

➢ Cinema Campaign
➢ Retail Visibility
➢ Sponsorships & Properties
➢ Budgeting & Planning

• Organized Two days Dealers' Meet "Tech Show" at Ambey Valley with around 250 Key Dealers
• Managed the IIFA Sponsorship with Satellite AC Launch Concept and execution
•  Planned  and  Managed  the  First  satellite  AC  launch  "AryaBot"  including  ISD  training,  Market  Placement
mapping, Aryabot Collaterals placements within stipulated Time.
• Kenstar Annual Conference
• Development and deployment of AC & LED Stands REF & WM Podiums fixtures on a regular basis.
• Development of innovative Standees and collates for higher visibility at the launch of AryaBot.
• Designing and execution of Booth at Canton Fair, China
• Standardization of TekCare Brand (Service) for a better visibility and ensuring higher standards.

Marcom Head
ROCA BATHROOM PRODUCTS PRIVATE LIMITED  -  Gurgaon, Haryana - February 2011 to July 2015

Armani | Roca,

Laufen, Roca & Parryware
Gurgaon
Roca is the world leader in the definition of bathroom space and a benchmark reference in the world of design.
Currently they are active in more than 135 different countries and have 76 production plants spread across
five continents. Roca Directly employees more than 21, 000 people across the globe.

Marcom Head - Brand and Communications (ATL, BTL & Trade)
• Spearheaded the "Restaging of the Parryware Brand & New Logo Launch, 2015"
• New Logo Press Launch
• Phase-in, Phase-out Plan of new Logo in Products communication Overall communications - TVC, Press,
PR, Retail, Digital, Outdoors, Cinema with the objective of driving the perceptual change the brand is 'Now'
offering. Injecting the Modern & contemporary values to the brand.

• Spearheading the marcom function for the organization with the responsibility of driving integrated as well
as ROI-focused marketing communication/development programs

• Awarded "Superstar" Status in the 'Best Marketing Category' at Roca for 2012.

Leadership:
• Successful Handled as a LEAD for the Restaging of the Parryware Brand from the conceptual stage to the
execution.
• The phase-in, Phase-out of the Parryware Brand Logo across all communications and products.
• Entrusted with the responsibility of handling, forecasting & monthly monitoring marketing
budget
• Managing all external agencies across a gamut of areas including PR, digital, creative, media, events,
media and Events & promotions
• Aligning digital, corporate communication & PR initiatives while engaging actively with stakeholders including
global leadership, agencies, vendors & channel partners
•  Managing  Brand  Properties  such  as  Invitational  Golf  2011  and  Annual  Conference  2012  &  2014  single
handedly

• Organized and conducted Parryware Diamond Jubilee Dealers Meet in Pattaya with 600 dealers in 2012
and then in 2015 at Bangkok.
• Organized Roca Dealers Meet in Delhi and Kuala Lumpur in 2011 & 2013 respectively.
• Organized Road Shows for Parryware in 21 cities within 2 months.
• On World's Toilet Day, organized a Street play at Cyber city amphitheatre, creating awareness about the
penetration of toilets in India is just 31% which is alarming and needs to be addressed immediately, followed
the media coverage & PR Activity.
• Every Year 22nd March, a Global Activity was initiated by the "We Are Water Foundation (a Roca group
Foundation) " with an objective of creating awareness about responsibly using water. These activities attracted
lot of PR stories which were covered all across the B2B magazines and some newspapers.

Strategy:
• Played a stellar role in developing store guidelines, driving the standardization & uniformity across the outlets
• Hold the distinction of conceptualizing & organizing the first ever dealer meet of Roca in India
• Focused on improving the brand visibility and recall through innovative measures, customized for different
brands
• Segmented & customized the marketing policy for mass- market brand Parryware and also for premium
brands including Armani/Roca and Roca/Laufen Engagement & Management:
•  Ensuring  regular  &  effective  engagement  with  the  distributors  and  customers  to  improve  the  confidence
instilled in the brand
• Succeeded in having more than100 Credai Members visit the Roca Barcelona Gallery in Spain
•  Initiated,  designed  &  now  managing  the  Roca  monthly  Newsletter  to  influence  stakeholder  &  influencer
fraternity
• Regular Participation in Archumen, Acetech, IADF, NDTV Property Awards, IIA National Convention,
ITP Hoteliers Awards, I-gen awards, India Design to remain close with the Architects and designers fraternity.
• Arranged & organized, architects and builders visit to the Bhiwadi Plant on a regular basis. (faucets)

Manager- Marketing
LG AD INDIA  -  Delhi, Delhi - December 2009 to January 2011

• Led a team of 6 professionals and handled retail, commercial AC, business solutions & Home Appliances
verticals
• Was responsible for development of designs, creative, communications for POP POSM and retail fixtures
• Entrusted with the responsibility of handling Dealer Meets, BMM meets, exhibitions, LG Superstar Award
Night and Display Stalls
• Ensured initiatives for maximizing visibility & improving brand presence across the country
• Collaborated with the sales force and drove multiple road shows, activations and lead generation programs
to facilitate the achievement of short-term as well as long-term business goals

• Involved extensively in construction & fabrication of several stores across the country

Manager-Client Servicing
SOLUTIONS DIGITAS  -  Delhi, Delhi - July 2007 to December 2009

Delhi
The company operates as a marketing services agency in the Asia-Pacific.
Manager-Client Servicing
• Acted as Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for the client, being accountable for increase in brand sales, brand
revenues and brand valuation
• Gained extensive exposure during the handling of retail audit program for PepsiCo
• Shouldered responsibility for developing and delivering customized marketing

communication solutions and engagement programs
• Was accountable for devising & implementing strategy for driving business growth,
strengthening client relationship and driving the key accounts
• Handled end-to-end responsibility from ideation to execution including monitoring of the project outcome
• Prepared & presented various weekly/monthly reports pertaining to process and productivity
• Executed extensive research based communication that can be proposed to the client for
BTL initiatives and other marketing services

Key Assignments:
• Designed the Reward and Recognition program for Aviva
• Drove the brand promotion and lead generation program through Road shows and fairs in tier -II &III cities
of Bihar for Aviva Dhan Panchayat
• Piloted the In-Shop Demonstration/Promotion Program for TATA Indicom and the School
Contact Program for ESPN
• Managed a sales promotion program on financial planning for ICICI Prudential and a
Channel loyalty Program for the vendors & farmers for TATA Khet SE
• Piloted a brand and sales promotion, Direct to Home and Reliance Fresh Outlet Activity for
Tetrapak

Manager-Marketing
MAX EVENTS AND MANAGEMENT - April 2003 to July 2007

Coordinator (Events)
SERVICES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED  -  Delhi, Delhi - October 2000 to March 2003

EDUCATION

Post Graduate Diploma in Management
Institute of Management Technology  -  Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
2011 to 2013

Bachelor of Arts in Political Science
Bhagalpur University  -  Bhagalpur, Bihar
1997 to 2000

AWARDS

SuperStar Marketeer
March 2012
Every 2 years Roca Corporacion inc. recognises the employees efforts and reward them.

At Phuket, Thailand was awarded as Superstar Marketeer by the organisation for the contribution towards
working on the brand equity of the brand on March 3, 2012.

