R.K. Pandey

New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/R-K-Pandey/40d12a76f06b2382

To  be  successful  without  using  any  shortcuts  and  develop  some  comprehensive  which  works  towards
excellence with continuous endeavorance and potential to direct me and my organization towards success and
development and align myself with the organization objective to achieve success through creative synergistic
endeavor and team work.

Company: Vin Poly Additives Pvt. Ltd.
Dept: Marketing
Industry: chemical Industry
Product: Polymer
Location: North India (Based on Delhi)
Reporting to: Branch Manager

Key Performance Areas
⇨ Look out the Sales & Marketing of the company's products as well as the payment terms and condition &
also, look out the Supply Chain Management of the company.
⇨ Search out the prospective & new companies, generating business from the existing clientele base, by
regular follow-up and quote & enquiry as per the requirement.
⇨ Building & maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction by
resolving their requirement as well as queries/grievances as per the quality standards.
⇨ Analyzing latest marketing trends & tracking competitors activities; assisting seniors for fine tuning sales
& marketing strategies.
⇨ Serve the existing clients and be in touch with regularly basis for the upcoming Products as well as enquiries
for participation.
⇨ Search out the potential market/companies and Try to associate with them.
• Competitions Review & Analysis.
• Make the supply plan as per Customer Schedule.
• New development/technique for new products.
• Provide Sample of related product to customer for their testing and follow-up for
Their result and help them in case of any queries related to testing.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Marketing
Ram Hari Engineers  -  Delhi, Delhi - December 2016 to Present

Company: Parkash Dye Chem
Dept: Sales/Marketing
Industry: Chemical
Products: Chemicals used in Paint/ Plastic/ Wall Putty/ Ink Industry
Target Customer: Manufacturer of Paint/ Coating/ Wall Putty
Location: North India (Based on Delhi)
Reporting to: Branch Manager

Key Performance Area

⇨ Look out the Sales & Marketing of the company's products as well as the payment terms and condition &
also, look out the Supply Chain Management of the company.
⇨ Search out the prospective & new companies, generating business from the existing clientele base, by
regular follow-up and quote & enquiry as per the requirement.
⇨ Building & maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction by
resolving their requirement as well as queries/grievances as per the quality standards.
⇨ Analyzing latest marketing trends & tracking competitors activities; assisting seniors for fine tuning sales
& marketing strategies.

PROJECT TRAINING

Organization: Time Out Delhi (Paprika Media) "ESSAR GROUP"
Training Report: Subscription Strategy
Duration: Two months
Location: Okhla Phase III, New Delhi

Key Responsibilities:-

o I was working as a Team leader
o Interacting Session with Customers
o Motivation to the team members.
Organizing events to making aware to the people
Industrial Visit

o Maruti Suzuki in Gurgaon (MBA First Sem)
o Mother Dairy in New Delhi. (MBA Second Sem)
o Parle G in Bahadur Garh (Haryana) (MBA Second Sem)

EDUCATION

MBA (Regular) With Marketing & HR in Marketing & HR
M.D . University  -  Rohtak, Haryana
2009 to 2011

SKILLS

Marketing (5 years)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

KEY SKILLS

⇨ Market Analysis.
⇨ Team Management
⇨ Inventory Management.
⇨ Negotiation.
⇨ Supply Chain Management
⇨ Monitor competitor activities & find out the effective solution

⇨ Able to work in a team¬ as a team player as well as a team leader. Able to manage¬ people and resources
efficiently Able to easily acquire and¬ learn new things.

