Tarun Khandelwal

Marketing

Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tarun-Khandelwal/67d8f55d4e7a26c3

• Worked as a team member for lam (latin amaerica, Malaysia, Singapore, etc.) and Europe region for HSBC
compliance 15.2 and 16.1.
• Worked as a team member for TDR (troubles debt restructuring) and NDM (network data mover) project for
HSBC-BI unit north America region.
• Played an important role in account monitoring activities for lending and mortagaes units for north
America region for HSBC bi unit.
• Extensive experience for SAS to COBOL conversion program and systems for HSBC-BI unit.
• Handeled a team of 7 members for SAS to cob conversion project and account monitoring activities
and time delivery of deliverables.
• Extensive experience with analysis, design and development of Cobol and JCL and CICS programs.
• Experience with providing business solutions based on the client requirement in COBOL.
• Maintained records for people for staffing and resource allocation as a part of work force management and
staffing as being the POC of FLP.
• Worked as a sales manager and customer service manager in talk talk process at wipro.

• Worked as a team lead from 15th of may, 2016 to 5th aug 2016. Worked with a team of 7 members
for sas to cob conversion and account monitoring acitvities for hsbc client for lending and mortagages
for bfs unit of HSBC N.A.
• Worked as a Sales manager and CSM (customer service manager) for talk talk process.
• Worked as POC for New recruits in capgemini for 6 months being a part of work force management
team.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere

WORK EXPERIENCE

Marketing
MBA Internships - August 2017 to August 2017

Nov 17
Worked as financial planner for insurance investments and also co ordinated with digital
marketing team in various activities for online promotion.
Also did online and promotional activities on facebook, blogs and seo and key word
marketing for generating leads
Also got selected in the leader in you program where we practically learned team handling
skills and managerial profiles, personally handled a team of 50 personal taking care of insurance
financial planning and digital marketing.
Generated a revenue of 4.5 lakhs in the internship period for insurances.

Marketing
MBA Internships - June 2017 to July 2017

Finance
• The Money roller june 17- july 17

Worked with the team to study and financial derivative markets, analyzes the historical data of fno

(future and options stiocks) for fundamental analysis of the various stocks. Developed startegies for trading
in various stocks based on various parameters.
Also kept a daily tracks of equity derivative stocks on parameters of Open interest, underlying and volitality.
Did an analysis over axis bank for developing trading strategies based on back testing, using put
call ratio basis and volitality for profitability (just the fundamental analysis)
MBA Project: Marketing
• Impact of e-marketing on insurance industry sales
Conducted  a  market  research  regarding  insurance  industry  analyzing  various  factors  for  growth  and
segmentation of consumers for target proposition creating brand awareness among customers using digital
platforms and conducted analytical study based on data collected.
MBA Project: Finance
• Analysis of axis bank equity derivative stocks
Collected data of axis bank for 2010 till data and developed trading strategies based on parameters like
PCR-OI, PCR-VOL, PCR-OTM-OI, PCR<OTM-VOL, volitality for trading and did fundamentalanalysis of stock
and found for profits in axis bank a person should generally sell a straddle and strangle in normal and results
or expiry dates. Also did back testing and delta hedging.
Area of Interest
• Security Analysis and Portfolio Management
• Derivatives
• Product and brand management
• Financial and business analytics
• Financial and business modelling
+91-9680888290/ +91-9100062669
tarun.kh.65@gmail.com

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are complete and correct to the best of my knowledge.

Place:

EDUCATION

M.B.A in Finance/Marketing
SRM University
2016 to 2018

Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering
Swami Keshvanand Institute of technology management & gramothan
August 2010 to June 2014

CBSE
central academy  -  Kota, Rajasthan
May 2010

St.anselems school  -  Alwar, Rajasthan
May 2008

SKILLS

MARKETING (Less than 1 year), SEM (Less than 1 year), DB2 (Less than 1 year), CICS (Less than 1 year),
COBOL (Less than 1 year)

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

IBM DB2
db2-9 fundamentals certification for dbms and sql

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Strong grasp of the fundamentals.
• Well-developed interpersonal and communication skills, having dealt with diverse professionals, clients &
team members.
• Passionate about making a career in IT (business or financial analysist) or investment banking.
• Quality Work under pressure.
• Highly motivated, able to set effective priorities to achieve immediate & long-term goals.

Skill Set:
RDBMS: MS-SQL Server 7/2000
Languages: cobol, jcl, cics, db2
Analytics: Excel, SPSS, R (begninners)
Marketing: Digital marketing (social media marketing, content writing, blogging, SEM-SEO (basic))

